---
title: Chapter 102
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:42
tags:
---


Thump thump thump―!

Yuri felt her heart pounding hard.

‘Amazing.’

As she watched Kang Hyun ascend the conductor's podium, she couldn't help but be inwardly impressed. His gaze and unwavering posture seemed to say he wasn't nervous at all. Although it was undoubtedly his first time with an orchestra, he acted like a seasoned veteran who had experienced this situation hundreds of times. As if he were born to conduct.

The audience attending the graduation ceremony began to murmur. The gazes that had curiously glanced at Yuri were now fixated on the conductor on the podium.

The murmuring crowd fell silent in an instant at his elegant bow. Everyone seemed overwhelmed by Kang Hyun's charisma.

Doo doo doo dong―!

The notes on the staff seemed to ripple and come to life at his fingertips.

Yuri had already reviewed the full score. However, the music she had imagined from reading the sheet was somewhat different. Although the notes were the same, there was a distinct difference in the directionality of the melody and its resonance.

‘How on earth.’

Yuri couldn’t understand. With just a flick of Kang Hyun's fingers, the orchestra moved like marionettes.

The melodies of each instrument felt three-dimensional, as if there were a diaphragm to adjust their volume.

Initially, she focused on teaching harmony, composition, performance techniques, and knowledge. She believed that a solid foundation was necessary to build a grand tower on top of it.

That doesn’t mean she didn’t teach conducting. There is a clear difference between theory and practice, so she shared an unparalleled amount of know-how with him in a short period.

Yuri realized that Kang Hyun had already surpassed the scope of her teachings.

Thump thump thump.

As the finale approached, her heart pounded even more.

The grand resonance of the piano accompaniment felt majestic, reminiscent of the timpani in Beethoven's "Pathétique."

They were not exceptionally skilled performers. However, under Kang Hyun's fingertips, their potential was fully realized.

Yuri couldn’t hide her admiration for the appearance of a born conductor. The audience felt the same. Initially puzzled expressions were now filled with excited fervor.

“Maestro Yuri.”

Spencer had approached at some point. Even his usually angry-looking eyes were filled with disbelief.

The continuous feast of musical ideas. As a conductor, it was easier than anything to grasp the orchestra's capabilities. That's why he couldn't help but be amazed.

Could such a commanding conductor’s hand really belong to a young boy?

Especially the sudden, magnificent, and solemn start of the finale sent shivers down Spencer's spine.

It was only a moment, but he looked like a master among masters.

“Did you really teach Hyun to conduct?”

Yuri couldn’t easily open her mouth in response to Spencer’s question. She doubted whether she could truly say she had taught him.

* * *

“This place is known for its excellent Mapo tofu.”

There’s a saying that the highlight of a graduation ceremony is a Chinese restaurant. Back when it was hard to eat Jajangmyeon, people eagerly awaited this day. A famous pop group even sang a song about it.

But this was too much. How many luxurious dishes were already on the round table? A feast of dishes with unfamiliar names. Even the common Jajangmyeon had an extraordinary sheen and texture to the noodles.

“The chef here used to cook for the Chinese president.”

Of course, Chairman Wang, a gourmet, wouldn’t enjoy Chinese food at an ordinary place.

“I don’t know if it suits your taste, but I hope you maestros enjoy the meal.”

It ended up being a large family gathering. The composition was anything but ordinary.

Leading figures from the business world, top-level maestros, and even a genius chemist. It was an eye-catching lineup that made the serving staff's eyes widen.

“Mr. Son, why did you prepare so much food? I expected something special when you said you’d treat us, but I never imagined this.”

“Of course, it’s my grandson-in-law’s graduation day. As his grandfather, I should do at least this much. If I could, I’d buy this restaurant for him, in-law.”

Coming from Chairman Wang, it didn’t sound like a joke at all. He was indeed a man who could make this luxurious Chinese restaurant his own with just a flick of his finger.

But the word ‘in-law’ was a bit concerning.

“Do the maestros find the food to their taste?”

Chairman Wang asked the maestros in fluent English. Both Spencer and Yuri responded politely, like aristocrats.

With four people whose eyes sparkled intensely gathered, it felt like a scene from “The Godfather.”

“By the way, Chairman Yoo, you handed that over to Hyun, didn’t you?”

As Grandfather nodded silently, Chairman Wang’s gaze turned to me. My parents, as well as Director Im Hyera, seemed very curious about what Chairman Wang was referring to.

“Hyun, what do you think? Your grandfathers put their heads together to make that list. Did you find it useful?”

How should I answer? It was a rare question from Chairman Wang.

“You distributed it appropriately. Neither too much nor too little.”

They had deliberately adjusted the risk of the investment amount. At first glance, it looked like a random series of numbers, but it was clear that they had meticulously balanced it.

I could understand it at a glance because I knew the future, but the precision of the adjustments was so detailed that it could make one believe in fortune-tellers.

“Looking at you, Hyun, I think you could head the strategic planning department. How can you express something so complex so succinctly? Let me ask one more thing. Do you know why we made that list for you?”

“If you have too much in your hands from the start, you'll forget how to grow on your own.”

Chairman Wang’s face was filled with a satisfied smile.

“You’re so exceptional that who wouldn’t be envious? Today’s conducting was also very impressive. I might not be the best to talk about music in front of maestros, but I couldn’t relax for a moment. Right, in-law?”

“Of course. Today, I was so proud of our Hyun that my lips couldn't stop smiling. His speech was also excellent. Ah, claiming himself as the captain navigating the sea of life, Hyun’s sensitivity must be inherited from me.”

The grandfathers were already in a good mood with a drink. My parents and the maestros also enjoyed their meals.

It seemed true that the chef had once cooked for the Chinese president. Each dish was so delicious that it elicited admiration with every bite. That’s when it happened.

“Hyun, may I ask where the ship you’re navigating is headed?”

“Pardon?”

“I’m already curious about your future.”

Chairman Wang emphasized ‘future’ in English, making Spencer and Yuri immediately look up.

It seemed like the wily old Chairman was up to his tricks again. The maestros’ eyes lit up as if they were ready to compete.

But why was the chatterbox doctor giving me such an intense look? Could it be that he still...

‘A chemist who does music―!’

He wanted me.

* * *

After the graduation ceremony, the weather had become noticeably warmer.

“Spring fever, perhaps.”

Although musical ideas kept pouring in, the notes on the staff wobbled and drew parabolas, contrary to my intentions.

I was expressing the process of snow melting under the warm February sun with my violin when I heard a familiar voice from somewhere.

“Hyun―!”

The person who opened the studio door and walked in was none other than Baek Junghoon.

I heard he had gone overseas for a performance, but he was back already. Judging by the carrier in his hand, he hadn’t even gone home and had come straight here.

Before I could say anything, Baek Junghoon, with eyes wide open, asked,

“Is it true that Maestro Spencer and Yuri were in Korea?”

It seemed that the news had traveled fast. When I nodded briefly, Baek Junghoon exclaimed.

“W-where are they now?”

They were legends one couldn’t help but respect, as conductors of the Berlin Philharmonic and the London Symphony. It was understandable why Baek Junghoon was so shocked.

But unfortunately, the bus had already left. Spencer and Yuri had already departed for the airport.

“You conducted the orchestra at the graduation ceremony? Why didn’t you tell me?”

“You were in LA for a collaboration with the LA Philharmonic. And it was a small chamber music ensemble.”

“Even if it’s a small ensemble, it’s still an orchestra. Who taught you to conduct? Did you learn it on your own?”

What should I say? How would he react if I told him I had learned the basics of conducting directly from the lion of the Berlin Philharmonic?

But why did Baek Junghoon eventually choose the path of a conductor instead of a pianist? Just as this question filled my mind, he asked,

“Hyun, will they not come to Korea again?”

“No, they’re busy people. Next time, I’ll have to go to them.”

“What?”

During their stay in Korea, Maestro Spencer and Yuri had kept an eye on each other like oil and water. They even argued about my future, but the conclusion was clear.

“I’ll spend two weeks each in London and Berlin during the summer break. The orchestras have agreed to let me experience being a trainee member for a while.”

Baek Junghoon was left speechless with his mouth wide open.

* * *

“Maestro Spencer, see you next time.”

Their wrinkled hands shook as if engaging in a war of nerves.

‘What a nasty old man.’

‘What a nasty old codger.’

Spencer and Yuri didn’t know that they parted ways with the same thought.

“An unbloomed spring.”

Yuri smiled as she pondered the title of the score Kang Hyun had conducted. It was a perfect fit.

From the double bar line at the beginning to the fermata, just reading the score was enough to elicit admiration, but the conducting beyond the score left her speechless.

“A Chablis Grand Cru, please.”

Every time she connected with Kang Hyun, she seemed to seek wine. The first glass was to calm her pounding excitement, and now it was to savor the lingering impression.

The fresh fruit aroma and flavor naturally filled her mouth.

Yuri looked down at the small tape in her hand. It was her first student.

One cannot simply keep their first orchestral conducting in their heart. She had borrowed a camcorder to record the video.

It was just to capture the memory, but after the conducting ended, she realized. If she hadn’t recorded it, she would have regretted it deeply.

“I wonder how they will react to this.”

She was curious about the reaction of the Berlin Philharmonic members, known for their pride, if they saw this video. Yuri was already looking forward to the coming summer.

“I can’t lose to London.”

Yuri’s mind flashed with Spencer’s sharp eyes. Spencer was likely thinking the same.

It would be a surprising story to anyone who heard it. The sight of the world’s top maestros wary of each other over one musician.

“What a dreamlike country.”

The view of Seoul receding outside the car window came into view.

Yuri thought. The barren land of classical music, Korea, was now sprouting with renowned musicians, like new buds.

From the start of pianist Baek Junghoon to the student who played the concertmaster role under Kang Hyun’s conducting, it was a significant leap compared to the past.

“Maestro Spencer, I won’t let you take Hyun.”

There will be fair competition. But she would never lose.

The maestros already knew. If the mentioned new buds became musicians contributing to the country, the names called afterward would make a significant mark in classical history.

The lion of the Berlin Philharmonic, Yuri, thought. The gods of music had indeed blessed the country of Korea.