---
title: Chapter 103
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:43
tags:
---


"What do you think, Samuel?"

Samuel, the concertmaster of the Berlin Philharmonic, was speechless as he watched the videotape.

At first, he thought it was just a children's recital. He had no idea why the maestro was showing this video.

However, the atmosphere changed as soon as the young conductor appeared on the screen.

"My goodness."

There's a saying that the orchestra's capability changes with the conductor's touch.

Just like the saying, the orchestra in the video wasn't a group of particularly outstanding individual performers. Yet, under the young conductor's touch, the resonance changed as if by magic.

Samuel felt chills run down his spine at the delicate fingertips that seemed to be playing a giant instrument.

"It seems like a child who has been learning conducting for a very long time. The conducting style that picks out each note and the ability to catch misplayed notes caused by the performers' skills are remarkable. Moreover, the unhesitant direction of the melodies unfolding from the fingertips is so exaggerated that it reminds me of Austria's Empress Karas."

Samuel couldn't hide his admiration. Watching the boy's fingertips brought to mind the names of many great masters.

The ecstatic climax that surged like riding a roller coaster resembled Germany's Thielemann, and the way he calmed the members with a soft and refined tone reminded him of America's Bilstein.

Conducting isn't something that can be achieved by talent alone. It requires continuous experience and abundant maturity. But this...

"Maestro, what is the piece the orchestra is playing right now? No matter how much I think about it, I can't recall the composer. Ivanov, Nogell, Chabrier, Antonio. Who on earth is it?"

Samuel listed the names of many composers. All of them were composers who produced masterpieces at the end of the Romantic era.

And rightly so, the piece being played by the orchestra in the video was as great as the young conductor's intense direction.

"It's that boy's own composition."

"What?"

At that moment, the conductor's movements came to a halt as if time had stopped.

Samuel couldn't take his eyes off the screen for a long time. More precisely, he couldn't take his eyes off the boy beyond the screen.

What on earth is this resonance? It was imprinted in his mind with as much impact as when he first saw an orchestra perform.

"Maestro, who is that child?"

* * *

"Hyuna, are you a fortune teller or something?"

Chairman Wang stopped playing Go and looked at me with a puzzled expression. When I said nothing, he motioned to the morning newspaper with his head.

The headline was emblazoned with the news that the IMF's negotiation team had arrived in Korea.

"Hasn't everything happened exactly as you said so far? What do you think will happen next?"

"For free?"

"You rascal."

I didn't intend to say more. Even if I didn't open my mouth, Chairman Wang would already have an idea of what would happen in the future.

He's not called a giant in the business world for nothing. After all, there's even talk that the busiest person in Korea right now isn't the president but Son Jangwon of the Daeil Group.

"Soon, Westerners will flood in."

It was a policy to attract foreign capital. With the foreign exchange reserves dried up like a drought, there was no other choice.

Foreign capital would rush in, targeting not only the stock market but also real estate.

To stabilize the stock market, it was essential to block the influx of hedge funds through national laws, but there was no way to do that in the current Korea.

In a word, it was a situation akin to experiencing a war.

"Anyway, Grandpa will take all the prime companies, right?"

Of course, all the prime companies wouldn't be taken over by foreign capital at a bargain price. If I knew Chairman Wang of the Daeil Group, he would certainly do that.

Chairman Wang showed a peculiar expression, as if wondering what my true intentions were.

"Having a conversation with you, Hyun, it seems like you should be holding a pen, not a violin. Your audacity and extraordinary intellect make me very curious about what kind of blueprint you'll draw. By the way, today isn't a day for playing Go, so why did you come?"

The reason I visited Chairman Wang was simple. There was something I needed to take care of.

I put down the white stone and began to take out a bundle of documents from my school bag.

Isn't it ironic? That from a bag where textbooks would normally be, came out documents filled with technical terms. Chairman Wang seemed equally intrigued.

"I've adjusted the list of investments you and the others made."

"Adjusted?"

"You said it was my job to determine whether they were real or fake."

Chairman Wang chuckled as he accepted the bundle of documents. It wasn't just a few pennies invested, and it was probably too fast for him to comprehend.

As he quickly skimmed through the list of documents, Chairman Wang's eyes gradually became curious.

"Hyuna, I think you're smart enough to know that what's written in these documents isn't just about numbers. It's the only asset Chairman Yoo left you. But can you explain to me why you categorized these lists this way?"

The first thing I did was to consolidate the scattered investments into one place. I especially focused on foreign stocks. Not the ones that would burst like bubbles later, but the giant companies that would gradually grow.

However, it was challenging for even famous investors to review financial statements and make all judgments in just a few days, so it was understandable that Chairman Wang found it peculiar.

"I should rephrase my question, why are you showing this to me instead of your grandfather?"

"Because you were the perfect representative for the job. As you know, my grandfather doesn't have experience in this area. And crucially, I have already done business with you once."

"A trustworthy representative?"

Chairman Wang let out a brief exclamation. Indeed, it was a difficult task to leave to my grandfather. Investments involving money become complicated when blood relations are involved. My grandfather wouldn't stand by and watch me lose money.

At that moment,

"I'm a very expensive representative, are you okay with that?"

Of course, when I decided to use Chairman Wang as my representative, I had taken that into account.

I immediately showed him the pages of the document. They listed real estate in Korea that would later be absorbed by foreign capital.

Another page listed foreign companies, different from the ones on the previous page.

Chairman Wang wouldn't be interested in something like this. But it was obvious he would be curious about what a young boy like me would do.

Put options, leverage? Forget it, I already know how to rake in money. But I didn't want to do that.

In this life, I just needed enough wealth to protect Dongju.

"Grandfather, why don't you invest in this place with me?"

The first step is to secure the prime spots.

* * *

"Bring in Manager Kim."

In response to Chairman Wang's call, Manager Kim Sang-guk from the Daeil Group's Strategic Planning Office entered the reception room. He was a man with a sharp jawline and sharp eyes. Even so, he had to be very cautious in front of Chairman Wang.

"You called for me, Chairman."

Without a word, Chairman Wang handed the bundle of documents to Kim Sang-guk. As always, Kim Sang-guk carefully accepted the bundle and began to review it immediately.

The reason Chairman Wang had called him to Pyeongchang-dong was simple.

"Most of these companies are worth investing in. But I don't think it's right to exclude all the previous companies and focus solely on these. As you know, no one can predict when the market will suddenly change. Although we need to generate accurate data to know for sure, some of these places are quite risky."

"It's more like gambling than investing?"

"Yes, Chairman. With my limited insight, that's my current assessment. Unless we know in advance whether these companies will succeed or fail."

Chairman Wang nodded. Kim Sang-guk was an outstanding talent within the Daeil Group.

Despite having a direct superior in front of him, he candidly shared his thoughts. That's why he was placed in charge of the Strategic Planning Office.

"Knowing in advance whether they'll succeed or fail, huh."

Chairman Wang recalled the look in Kang Hyun's eyes when he pulled out the bundle of documents from his school bag.

He's just a young boy who had just entered high school. Yet, Chairman Wang couldn't help but be impressed by the determined look in his eyes.

Despite the large sums of money involved, he didn't bat an eye. Could Chairman Wang have been so composed at that age?

Indeed, he even chose Chairman Wang as his representative. It wouldn't be wrong to say he had a natural sense of confidence.

"Manager Kim, how promising does it look to you? When you compare the previous list to the newly reorganized one."

"If I were the one investing, I would have chosen the former without hesitation, Chairman."

Kim Sang-guk couldn't understand. The former list seemed perfect from his point of view. However, the latter list, although it seemed to focus and select, clearly had risks. This list couldn't have been made without predicting the future.

"Manager Kim, could you have predicted that an economic crisis would hit the country? Or that the government would hide the fact that it needed a bailout?"

"If the economic crisis was imminent, I might have been able to predict it. But I wouldn't have been confident. As I said, the economy is unpredictable. Chairman."

Chairman Wang recalled Kang Hyun's voice. The confident voice when he proposed the deal.

Then Chairman Wang picked up the second investment list and showed a peculiar expression.

"I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of future I invested in."

* * *

"My hands are aching."

I had been continuously drawing notes on the staff lines, even skipping lunch.

At some point, coming to the studio every morning to draft scores had become a routine. New musical ideas kept coming to me, and I couldn't just sit idly by.

At that moment,

"Do you want me to play?"

Maybe it was just my mood, but the Guarneri "Fiore" seemed to be gleaming as if asking to be played.

Since returning from the movie shoot, I hadn't properly played it. I put down the score and stood up.

Zing―!

A sharp high note soared to the ceiling. My long fingers moved freely over the gleaming strings like a spider.

It was a piece that combined trills and middle bowing techniques, resembling Paganini's caprices. A piece that pushed the violinist to the extreme.

"Huh, huh."

Only after the sharp bow tip pointed to the floor did I finally exhale the breath that had been stuck in my throat.

I had been practicing for hours. Yet, "Fiore" still seemed to want to cry out more, making the strings shine even more.

Just as I was about to smile and lift the bow again, there was a knock on the door.

"A solo concert?"

Indeed, Director Im Hyera's determination had to be acknowledged.

"I'm not thinking about it yet."

"Hyuna, why don't you reconsider? Do you know how many fans are waiting for you? Reporters come several times a day, pestering Mi-hyun about when you're going to perform again, especially after they found out you got a Guarneri."

It seemed the news about me acquiring the Guarneri in Italy had spread.

Anyone who loves violins would know about the Guarneri, one of the three great violins. Moreover, I also have a Stradivarius. They could find out if they wanted to.

Come to think of it, I've already collected two of the three great violins.

"There must be a lot of international fans waiting for you too."

"What?"

I didn't understand. Although I won the Queen Elisabeth Competition, it was already three years ago. I hadn't had any notable activities as a violinist since then.

"Take a look at this."

Director Im Hyera handed me a magazine.

It was Gramophone, a famous music magazine, and the cover was dominated by a large image of the eternal maestro, Gustav.

"The eternal maestro Gustav's most anticipated performance."

Whose performance could it be? The Berlin Philharmonic, London Symphony, Vienna Philharmonic. Or maybe the performances of violinists who have already passed away. Even if you had money, you could never see those performances again.

However, Gustav's answer was unexpected.

"It is the solo concert of the violinist Hyun."