---
title: Chapter 106
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:46
tags:
---


"Father―!"

The Ichon-dong mansion was noisy from the morning. The reason was simple. A little uncle, who had been exiled to Jeju Island, had come up to Seoul.

Reportedly, he came to Seoul Hospital to treat his diabetes, but he didn't seem like a sick person at all and looked quite healthy.

"Please forgive me just this once."

His face was slick, making it clear that he had been eating three square meals a day.

Knowing this, I should have recommended sending him to an uninhabited island rather than Jeju Island to my grandfather.

Grandfather looked down at the little uncle, who was kneeling, with a chilling gaze.

"Beomkyung, do you know that it has only been a year since you went down to Jeju Island?"

"Father, although you said a year, to me it felt like a succession of days as long as ten years. I have done a lot of reflection during that time. I am still haunted by nightmares from my mistake that day. Please, won't you forgive me just this once?"

It was so absurd that I was at a loss for words. The scar on his forehead had healed, making him seem fearless.

But on the other hand, I understood the little uncle's urgency.

At a time when large corporations were falling like autumn leaves, and big and small companies in South Korea were facing a wave of bankruptcies like dominoes, Dongju was stronger than ever. Like an impregnable fortress.

'Tsk.'

It seemed he thought that if things continued this way, he might lose all of Dongju. And it was true; my father's position within Dongju was gradually expanding. Especially after recruiting Dr. Tikhonov's team, he had established himself as a real power. It was then.

"Father, I did not just sit around on the island. I wrote many business plans with the determination that I would someday return to the mainland."

Little uncle started pulling out something from his briefcase.

"I have identified companies worth merging with Dongju among the struggling businesses. I believe now is the perfect time to expand our assets amidst this national crisis. Father―!"

"Father, this time Beomkyung is right. Although he deserves to be beaten to death for his past mistakes, it seems he has genuinely changed his mindset this time, which is why I brought him to Ichon-dong. As the second son said, I think now is the time to grow Dongju significantly at a low cost."

Wasn't it like watching Dumb and Dumber? The big uncle immediately knelt beside the little uncle.

I finally understood what my uncles were thinking.

Currently, Dongju was in the stage of consolidating its internal affairs. The cornerstone of this was none other than Graiphin and my father.

They had initially opposed the development of new materials. Now that they couldn't change their stance, they decided to expand the company. As the pie gets bigger, they would have more to gain. However.

'I wonder.'

Many companies were struggling with debt. From a foreign perspective, South Korea would look like it was having a clearance sale.

But could my uncles pick out companies with future growth potential?

Could they find them faster than foreign corporate raiders? No way, it was more plausible that the neighbor's dog would walk on two legs and talk. Also.

"Hyun, go to your room now."

Grandfather's hands were trembling as he checked the documents. His tiger-like eyes immediately turned to the household items around him.

On my way upstairs, there were successive sounds of two foreheads being hit, echoing loudly.

* * *

"They thought they were being clever, didn't they?"

Chairman Wang laughed heartily while holding a teacup. Listening to stories from a close friend was as entertaining as any drama.

The time for hearty laughter that might offend each other had passed. They had known and seen everything about each other for decades.

"When I look at it, it seems Beomjin and Beomkyung don't take after you, old man. How can they be so transparent?"

In business, it was crucial for a manager not to reveal his true intentions. Whether it was a warm spring day or a cold winter day with a north wind blowing, maintaining composure was most important.

In that sense, Chairman Yoo's two sons were pretty much failures. They were so anxious about their declining positions within the company that they made reckless decisions.

"They must have been anxious. Mr. Kang is doing so well. What is Mr. Kang's position within Dongju now?"

"Don't even ask. If it were up to me, I'd want to kick everyone out and adopt Mr. Kang as my son. Except for the executives allied with Beomjin, everyone supports Mr. Kang. But you know, a person who exudes a human touch can be a double-edged sword. Mr. Kang's nature is not particularly ruthless, so I'm a bit worried."

Chairman Wang nodded in understanding.

As a manager, there were times when one had to make decisions that others couldn't. Sometimes you had to be a bit cunning, and other times you had to be cold-hearted.

"In that sense, Hyun fits perfectly. By the way, can I see the list of companies Beomkyung compiled?"

Chairman Yoo handed over the documents, and Chairman Wang slowly read through them. As expected from a joint effort of Beomjin and Beomkyung, they had put considerable effort into persuading Chairman Yoo.

But the result was sloppy. Yes, if there were any companies worth their attention, they would have already been snapped up by others.

"Did Hyun also see these documents?"

"I showed them to him."

"What did he say?"

Chairman Wang was curious about Kang Hyun's evaluation. Having played Go with him every weekend, he had seen the child's excellent foresight. He was eager to know what Hyun thought of the documents.

"He said his little uncle was acting like a child."

"A child?"

"Like a kid who picks up anything that looks tasty and ends up with a stomach ache."

Chairman Wang laughed heartily again. It was indeed an excellent analogy.

"By the way, isn't Sonye's wedding coming up soon?"

"That's actually why I called you. Here, take this."

Chairman Yoo handed over a pure white wedding invitation and licked his dry lips.

"I don't know why I couldn't do what you did."

"Don't blame yourself. In the past, I wouldn't have been any different from you. They say time is undefeated and no parent can win against their child. Given the current situation, we plan to have a small family gathering. You and Hyun should come and have a simple meal together."

Chairman Yoo's gaze was still fixed on the invitation as he slowly nodded.

* * *

"The stage you want to perform on the most."

Baek Junghoon answered the TV show host's question without hesitation.

"It has to be Carnegie Hall, right?"

New York's Carnegie Hall, a place that musicians dream of. Especially the Isaac Stern Auditorium, which symbolizes Carnegie Hall, is a dream venue for anyone.

Unfortunately, it was a place where Baek Junghoon had yet to set foot.

"Mr. Baek Junghoon, if you could pick an orchestra you want to collaborate with, which would it be?"

"That's a tough question. The world's top philharmonic orchestras are beyond my reach. Perhaps that's why I continue to study music abroad. I can't afford to be a frog in a well."

As the camera zoomed in on Baek Junghoon's face, screams of excitement erupted from the audience.

The audience was filled with many female fans. As he aged, his features became more defined and chiseled, earning him the nickname "Terius of the piano world." He was as popular as any male singer or sports star.

"I understand that all your concerts have concluded. What are your future plans? Do you plan to study abroad in Europe again?"

"No, I plan to stay in Korea for a while."

"So, can we interpret that as you planning additional performances in Korea?"

Baek Junghoon shook his head briefly.

The host and the camera persistently followed his mouth, but no further words came out.

It was still unknown that Baek Junghoon had accompanied Kang Hyun's solo recital as a pianist.

It was Im Hyera's marketing strategy to reveal eye-catching news step by step.

The host licked his lips regretfully.

"Mr. Baek Junghoon, you are considered a prodigy and an outstanding pianist. Have you ever envied someone else's talent? For example, thinking, 'This person might surpass me.' Although I doubt it."

"No, there is someone."

The host's eyes widened in surprise. It was a question meant to be taken lightly, never expecting Baek Junghoon to answer affirmatively.

Baek Junghoon paused and looked at the camera. Specifically.

"If it were a different field, I would have looked at their talent with admiration. But the moment that person played the piano, I realized. Ah, the god of music truly exists. If not, how could one person possess so much talent?"

Beyond the camera, there was that person.

* * *

"So, it was around this time."

It was a modest wedding. It was unusually quiet for a conglomerate family's wedding.

Although the times were unsettling, the small chapel was barely filled with relatives, making it look like a wedding during a war.

"Oppa―!"

Out of nowhere, Son Yooha appeared and linked her arm with mine. Grandfather watched us with a pleased look. Then, Son Yooha started leading me somewhere.

"Let's go greet my aunt, oppa."

Led by Son Yooha, I arrived at the bridal waiting room.

There, a familiar face dressed in a pure white wedding dress was sitting demurely. Although it was a familiar face only from my past life.

"Aunt, you look so beautiful!"

"Oh my, Yooha is here. Yooha, you look more like your mother and prettier each day. And who is this gentleman next to you?"

"Hello, I'm Kang Hyun."

I bowed my head politely.

She was the first daughter of Chairman Wang and the eldest daughter of the Jeil Group. Although I had only met her a few times with Director Im Hyera in my past life, she was a woman etched clearly in my mind.

A woman born into a conglomerate family but didn't act like it. In some ways, she was similar to my mother. She chose love over a golden spoon.

The difference was.

"Chairman Wang's decision."

Chairman Wang had allowed his eldest daughter's love. Unlike the inadequate youngest who had a department store, she had nothing, but today she looked happier than ever.

"Ah, you're the boyfriend Yooha mentioned? You're very handsome. Yooha must take after me in her good taste in men."

How well did she get along with Son Yooha? But she kept scrutinizing my face as if she was still uncertain.

Not long after, the wedding ceremony began. Because there were so few guests, it felt warm and intimate.

Chairman Wang had not invited guests to the wedding to consider his son-in-law, who could be considered an ordinary person far removed from the business world.

During the beautiful congratulatory song, I held my grandfather's hand. As many thoughts must be crossing his mind as the wrinkles on his hands.

The wedding atmosphere was heartwarming. Of course, it was a wedding Chairman Wang had already approved, and for the Son family members, it was a celebration as the eldest daughter decided to step away from management.

"Now I get it, you're the violinist Hyun, right? My husband is a huge fan."

During the meal after the wedding, the bride Son Seonye finally recognized me and clapped her hands in realization.

Then she brought over the groom in a hanbok and introduced him to me. He had a calm and gentle appearance.

"I'm a big fan, violinist Hyun."

The groom shook my hand and bowed, making me bow deeply in response. Watching this, grandfather subtly spoke to me.

"How about performing a congratulatory song here, Hyun? To celebrate the new life of the bride and groom."

"A congratulatory song?"

Of course, he meant a violin performance. I thought grandfather's voice was quite low, but the groom was already looking at me with anticipation.

However, it was difficult to find a violin right now. Just then, I noticed the piano on the stage.

Yes, if there's no violin, you can make do with the piano.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

