---
title: Chapter 112
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:52
tags:
---


"When on earth is he coming out?"

The audience was beginning to stir. All eyes were drawn to a woman who appeared with the clicking sound of high heels.

"I am Hyera Im, the representative of Jeil Gallery. I would like to inform you in advance that I will be handling the Q&A session on behalf of our gallery's violinist, Hyun, due to his solo recital scheduled for tomorrow. We ask for your understanding as we prioritize his condition."

The journalists were taken aback. They hadn't expected Hyera Im, the chairwoman, to show up in person.

Normally, the journalists would have been bombarding her with questions, but this time they couldn't.

After all, she was the wife of the chairman of Jeil Group.

"Are you aware that maestros from all over the world have rushed to attend? And that their purpose is to attend Mr. Kang Hyun's solo recital? What does Mr. Kang Hyun think about this?"

"He has no thoughts about it."

"Excuse me?"

Hyera Im read from a prepared statement that Hyun had given her in advance.

"No matter how famous the maestros and virtuosos in the audience are, they are just members of the audience until the performance ends. Right now, violinist Hyun is focused solely on successfully completing the performance."

As polite questions continued,

"Is there a reason why the repertoire hasn't been disclosed even up until now?"

"Most of the solo recital will feature violinist Hyun's original compositions. Not revealing the repertoire to the audience can be compared to wrapping a gift. A gift wrapped nicely is more exciting than one that's completely visible, isn't it?"

The room stirred again at the mention of original compositions. No one had imagined that he would present his own compositions at his first solo recital, let alone that 'most' of it would be original pieces.

"The government seems to have a lot of interest as well. In these tough times, it's quite unusual for a musician to be earning foreign currency. What are your thoughts on this?"

"I think it's something I should naturally do as a citizen. Also, I would like to inform you that a portion of the proceeds will be donated."

There were already rumors that the government, in an attempt to boost the country's mood and economy, had considered using Kang Hyun in public service announcements, much like they had done with successful sports stars.

At that moment,

"May I ask a question directly to Representative Hyera Im instead of Mr. Kang Hyun?"

"Yes, that's fine."

"There are rumors that Mr. Kang Hyun has a fiancée. Is it true that she is the granddaughter of Chairman Jangwon Son of Jeil Group?"

* * *

Cicadas were chirping loudly, confused by the unseasonable scorching sun in May.

After refreshing myself with some cold tea from a street stall, I saw children playing marbles as I walked. Passing by the laughter of children playing around a utility pole, I entered an alley where an old photo studio came into view.

"Student, wouldn't it be impossible?"

The elderly photographer looked at me with a pitiful expression. I had asked for permission to hang a photo I took with my friends in the front of the studio.

"Just a moment, sir. Can I use the phone?"

The kind old man, who had always been respectful to me and my friends, even though I was young, let me use the phone.

I picked up the faded receiver and called the hotel where my friends were staying. Anna was out, so she couldn't answer, but the answers from the rest of my friends were unanimous. Especially Eric, who laughed heartily and said,

"My face advertised in the streets of Asia. I guess I'll be more famous now. The old man has a good eye. I do look manly, don't I?"

Nodding in agreement, the old man smiled brightly, truly happy. He could have just printed another photo without our knowledge, but his conscience didn't allow it.

He thanked me endlessly for giving him permission. Even Anna, who couldn't take the call, would surely understand this gesture.

"Student, you don't need to pay for the photo. Receiving such a beautiful photo is enough for me."

"No, sir. Please accept it. Otherwise, I won't feel comfortable. And please keep this frame safe. I'll sign it on the back for you."

"A signature?"

Sure, in just ten years, everyone in that frame will be famous musicians. It might become quite valuable.

Just like when Einstein left a note instead of a tip for a waiter, which later sold for millions at auction. Who knows, this photo might appear on a valuable antiques show in the future.

It was my small gift to the kind old photographer.

Shouldn't I be resting for tomorrow's solo recital? Nonsense, moving around as usual keeps me in better shape.

People who drink traditional herbal medicine before important exams often get stomach aches in the exam hall.

Besides, the bothersome press conference was handled by Chairwoman Hyera Im.

She seemed like a superior who deeply cared for her subordinates. However, her words kept echoing in my mind.

"Don't worry, Hyun, Auntie will take care of everything. Isn't the love of a son-in-law from a mother-in-law the greatest?"

Shaking my head, I entered the mansion in Ichon-dong. My mother was watering the bonsai in the garden with a contented smile.

"Son, go inside quickly. Two young ladies have been waiting for you in the kitchen."

What is she talking about?

"Oppa!"

"Hyun!"

Entering the mansion, Yooha Son and Anna came out to greet me.

Before I could even say anything, they shoved plates at me.

One was a delicious-looking sandwich, and the other was fragrant fried rice with eggs.

"Tell us which one tastes better!"

They said the same thing simultaneously, like mirror images.

It seems they've met a few times privately since our last meeting. Perhaps they have some women's talk that I'm unaware of.

Reluctantly, I took a bite of the sandwich and followed it with a spoonful of fried rice.

Both dishes tasted like they were made by someone who had learned to cook for a long time. It was hard to decide.

I wanted to say both were delicious, but their eyes were intense. Eventually,

"I think I prefer the fried rice."

At that moment, Yooha Son smiled victoriously and hugged me. Anyone would think she had won an Olympic gold medal.

* * *

"I heard he uses two violins."

Hirose's face was full of curiosity.

"So, is that true?"

"Yes, ma'am. I heard that violinist Hyun will use both a Stradivarius and a Guarneri in his solo recital."

There have been cases of changing violins mid-recital, usually due to minor issues. But changing instruments to present different tones was rare.

Switching to an unfamiliar instrument abruptly is akin to changing the repertoire.

Moreover, the Stradivarius and the Guarneri, though both string instruments, had entirely different characteristics.

"Hyun always surprises me. Today’s accompanist is Jeonghoon, right?"

"Yes, ma'am. Pianist Jeonghoon Baek will accompany him. This news has been a hot topic in Korea for a few days. I heard Mr. Baek even declined offers from prestigious overseas orchestras."

"I understand his decision. I would have chosen Hyun too if I were Jeonghoon. He pursues genuine music more than anyone else."

Hirose had collaborated with Jeonghoon Baek before. She knew how much he loved music.

Perhaps the most excited person today was Jeonghoon Baek, the accompanist, who would be closest to the perfect and genuine melodies.

"I see members of the London Symphony. The conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic is seated too. Ma'am, Maestro Gustav has also arrived."

Manager Koro held back a sigh of admiration as he widened his eyes.

They had heard that famous figures would come, but this was beyond expectations. It seemed like all the significant figures of the classical world had gathered.

It felt like being in the eye of a storm.

"Koro, today we will just be one of the audience."

At that moment, Hirose smiled faintly and became one of the audience.

* * *

Over two thousand seats were filled to the brim.

Not only Koreans but also a significant number of foreigners were present, an unprecedented event since the founding of the Seoul Arts Center Concert Hall. It was proof of Hyun Kang's soaring popularity overseas.

There had been numerous inquiries from abroad about increasing the number of seats in the concert hall.

William from England, Zhang Yan from China, Erik from Northern Europe, and Anna from Russia were all reminded of how remarkable their friend, who had shared joys and sorrows with them at the Chapelle, really was.

The maestros and virtuosos whose names alone would make people stand up were seated in the audience. Even Erik, who seemed like he could chew iron, looked nervous.

"The pressure must be immense."

They knew what it meant to perform on stage, especially for a debut solo recital in front of such distinguished musicians.

However, Anna shook her head.

"No, if it's Hyun, he's probably preparing to go on stage as if nothing happened."

"Right. Just like Anna said, if it's Hyun, that's likely. He was the only one who wasn't nervous in Brussels, wasn't he? As if he had swallowed the word 'nervous'."

Everyone nodded in agreement with Zhang Yan.

Even at the Chapelle, where the melody of dawn echoed constantly, and at the Palais des Beaux-Arts in Brussels, a stage every violinist dreams of, Hyun had confidently presented his music.

Not to be judged, but for the audience.

At that moment,

"Huh?"

The concert hall, which had been dimly lit, suddenly went dark.

As the audience murmured in surprise at the unexpected power outage,

Zing―!

A calming melody resonated from the invisible stage, soothing the audience.

The audience stopped murmuring as if by magic. The clear and delicate melody of Hyun's violin was calming them.

The sound was too beautiful to be coming from the darkness.

Alexei, the dean of a Moscow conservatory, twitched his cheek as if he had been hit by a gentle breeze by a tranquil lake.

"Not bad, cheeky kid."

The first piece in a solo recital holds great significance. Yet, Hyun chose to present an original composition. Though the piece's name was unknown, the audience listened intently.

In the darkness, the melody served as a guiding thread through a maze.

As the tempo increased and the trill echoed like a heartbeat,

The chandeliers in the concert hall began to light up one by one.

The sequentially lit lights guided the audience's way, finally illuminating the stage.

Under the grand chandelier, a boy in a neat tailcoat stood, gazing at the audience with piercing eyes.

It was like a painting. Moreover, the silver strings seemed to shine even brighter as if they couldn't wait any longer.

"The beginning is fantastic."

At the queen of string's quiet remark, the boy smiled.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

