---
title: Chapter 118
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:58
tags:
---


The Stradivarius "Euphoria" shimmered, radiating its presence. The intense staccato felt as if it might snap the strings.

Relentless bowing carried with it an overflow of determination.

How could one stop? "Euphoria" was cheering amidst the feast of musical ideas, and my heart, beating incessantly, felt as if it had returned to its youthful days.

Then it happened.

Had it not been for the timely knock, the queen's bow would never have ceased.

The queen greeted her manager, Goro, with a fresh smile. Goro's face was clearly flustered. Understandably so, as the soundproofing was so perfect that no melody escaped the practice room.

"Teacher, I hope I didn't interrupt an important part?"

"It's alright. I hadn't quite figured out how to proceed with the next part anyway."

"You, teacher?"

Wasn't she Hirose, the so-called Queen of Strings? It was hard to believe there was any piece in the world she couldn't play.

"Hyun's composition is really difficult. I can usually rely on memory to follow most pieces even after hearing them just once, but this time it's not easy. I was given the sheet music, but the deeper I delve, the more unfathomable it becomes. It feels as though he's stating that only he can play it."

"Is it that challenging?"

"Once Hyun releases his album officially, the classical world will undoubtedly be abuzz. Those who always tried to interpret the works of the deceased will now face living notes. How astonishing that will be."

A full smile spread across Hirose's face. She too eagerly anticipated the days to come.

Hadn't the stagnant classical world been stirred by Hyun?

"Oh, by the way, teacher. There's an advertisement proposal for you. Like last time, it's for a public interest purpose. What should we do?"

"Do I have a choice?"

"Given that there are no musicians in the current music scene who can match your reputation, the broadcasting station is earnestly requesting you, just like before. The newly appointed chairman of the council was even planning to visit the studio personally, but I firmly declined."

It must have been since the early 90s. After the collapse of Japan's bubble economy, which had grown into an economic powerhouse, social anxiety was heightened.

To dispel the widespread national anxiety and the fear of prolonged economic stagnation, sports stars and famous musicians began filming public service announcements.

In a way, it had become the exclusive domain of those with the most positive influence in Japan.

"Goro, let's proceed. We need to work together, especially during tough times."

"Oh, teacher. I also heard that similar public service announcements are being filmed in Korea. Their situation isn't good either. But I heard that unusually, they are featuring a musician first. The musician appearing is probably..."

Hirose didn't need to hear the rest of Goro's words to know who it was. Who else in Korea's classical world could have such a positive influence?

* * *

Buzz.

It felt like all eyes were on me, even though I was just tuning the violin. Every staff member on set was watching me with fascination.

Among them, the one staring at me most intensely was the director. I'd heard he was a huge fan of mine, and from his gaze, it was clear. His expression was one of sheer ecstasy, even from the simple tuning.

"Mr. Kang Hyun, are you sure it's okay to proceed as per the storyboard?"

"Yes, director. Don't worry, we can stick to the original plan."

The director looked at me with concern. Understandably so, as the storyboard required me to play until the violin strings snapped.

"Mr. Kang Hyun, you don't seem like a high school student at all. My nephew is the same age as you, but your demeanor and actions make you seem like someone my age. Have you done this kind of shoot before?"

"No, this is my first advertisement shoot."

"Really? During the rehearsal, the way you looked at the camera and your posture made it seem like you were very familiar with this environment. I must have been mistaken. Even though this is a public service announcement, I guarantee that once the economy improves, big companies will line up to work with you. I can assure you of that."

I could understand the director's bewilderment. In my previous life, while preparing to become a congressman, I had undergone all sorts of training, which included how to look at a broadcast camera and how to walk gracefully.

Given that it was a profession reflected on TV, appearance was prioritized over actual concern for people's livelihoods.

'I'll count on you.'

I picked up the violin. It wasn't the usual Stradivarius or Guarneri I used.

As I took my position, the surroundings fell silent in an instant. Everyone on set, including the camera focused on me, became a single audience, captivated.

The queen's portamento.

As the bow slowly touched the strings, the sound of someone swallowing hard was heard like an accompaniment.

The melody sometimes pierced the ears with its sorrowful tune, while at other times, it soared to the ceiling with its brilliance.

Then it happened.

Buzz―!

Following the alluring glissando, the bow began to fiercely cross the strings.

As the bow pressed hard on the strings, the first E string snapped.

If I relaxed even a little, the tension would cause the bridge and the bow to bounce off.

But the bow continued to press hard across the strings.

Like a sharp blade, an unparalleled melody surged with even faster bowing.

As if it was just beginning now.

Gulp―!

The director's throat bobbed noticeably as he reviewed the footage. Understandably so, as it surpassed the visuals described in the storyboard.

Occasionally, ordinary models who didn't grasp the shooting angles required adjustments to the lighting, but not today.

Moreover, the sound was mesmerizing enough that even those uninterested in classical music couldn't take their eyes off it.

"Mr. Kang Hyun, I never imagined we'd finish the shoot in one go. Usually, it takes at least half a day, if not several days."

"Did the footage turn out well? I couldn't really tell."

It wasn't self-deprecation. In any field, subjective and objective views are distinctly different.

However, the director vehemently waved his hand.

"Not just well, it's fantastic. Honestly, I'm heartbroken. I came to the shoot eagerly, thinking I'd get to hear your performance all day, but who would've thought we'd finish in one take."

"Director, would you like me to play one more piece?"

"What?"

The director raised his voice unintentionally. The other staff members also licked their lips.

There were several violins prepared, so it wasn't an issue, and I could play a few more pieces. However, the director asked again if it was really okay.

"It's okay, director. I had been slacking on practice after my solo concert ended. I'm actually grateful. I'm glad you enjoy my humble performance."

"Mr. Kang Hyun, you are not lacking at all. Not at all. Though I'm not a musician, it's not easy to move the hearts of the audience so deeply. The same goes for my job as a director. We need to move the viewers' hearts through visuals. In that sense, your public service announcement will touch many hearts. I'm sure of it."

The image of a violinist who doesn't give up and continues to play his music even after the old violin strings snap, with just one string remaining.

The director, who had been staring at the footage for a long time, quietly added.

"Because right now, Korea needs a hero more than ever."

* * *

Is it because the tiger is getting married? As the warm sunlight shone down, unexpected raindrops began to fall, one by one.

I could see Mr. Kim, the driver, contemplating whether to turn on the wipers. Anyway.

'Life really is full of surprises.'

No, on second thought, it's the opposite. All of this was possible because I had returned to life.

Who would have thought I'd end up shooting an advertisement? And a public service announcement, like sports stars Park Se-ri or Park Chan-ho.

After the filming, I spent a long time wrestling with the microphone to record a cheesy slogan.

"Mr. Kang Hyun, are we heading to Pyeongchang-dong?"

"Yes, sir."

The reason for heading to Pyeongchang-dong after the shoot was that Chairman Wang and my grandfather were there together.

I was so surprised when I learned the reality of VH Company in my grandfather's study.

It was a perfect match for the saying, "There's always someone better." Their ability to draw blueprints far exceeded the realm of ordinary people. After all, they were giants of the business world who had weathered turbulent times.

"Sir, does my aunt still visit Ichon-dong often these days?"

"Of course, Mr. Kang Hyun. She visits even when you're not there. It's fortunate if she only goes to Ichon-dong. It seems she visits the company often too."

She must be scheming. She's been testing the waters continuously.

Under normal circumstances, my grandfather would have scolded her and given her a piece of his mind, just like he did with my uncles. But this time, he didn't.

It means that even if my aunt tries her best, she's still within my grandfather's grasp.

"Traffic is a bit heavy."

Then it happened.

Bang―!

As soon as Mr. Kim finished speaking, there was a loud crash from the front of Gangbyeonbuk-ro, and all the cars came to a sudden halt. It seemed like a chain collision had occurred, with cars entangled in a mess.

"Mr. Kang Hyun, are you okay?"

"I'm fine. How about you, sir?"

"My shoulder is a bit sore, but I'm not seriously injured."

As I stepped out of the car with Mr. Kim, the 8-lane road was already in chaos.

Everyone who had been in their vehicles walked to the side of the road. Just as we were about to leave the road.

Bang―!

Another loud crash echoed, and a car caught fire. People were visibly startled, hurriedly fleeing the accident scene.

Thankfully, it seemed there were no people inside the car, as there were no signs of a human casualty.

"Help me."

At that moment, a child, teary-eyed, grabbed my sleeve. Next to him, an elderly man who had been in the driver's seat of a small car seemed to have sprained his leg and couldn't walk properly.

Without hesitation, I approached the elderly man and offered my back.

"Sir, please get on my back."

It was a tough situation to ask Mr. Kim for help, as he seemed to have injured his shoulder quite badly.

In the end, the elderly man thanked me profusely and got on my back. The child, who seemed to be his grandchild, stuck close by my side and didn't leave.

"Despite the severity of the accident, it's fortunate there don't seem to be any casualties."

As Mr. Kim mentioned, although a chain collision had occurred on the 8-lane road, most people had already exited their vehicles.

I could see paramedics rushing from afar to put out the fire. Then it happened.

"Camera?"

Along the roadside, there were not only people who had evacuated but also reporters from broadcasting stations. It seemed a broadcast vehicle was also involved in the accident.

As I was carrying the elderly man on my back and walking out.

"Huh?"

A reporter who recognized my face urgently gestured towards me.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

