---
title: Chapter 119
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:59
tags:
---


When the concertmaster nodded briefly, the principal oboist blew a prolonged 'A' note.

While the members were busy tuning their instruments to match the oboe's note, the concertmaster adjusted their pitch with a sharp gaze.

The concertmaster's chair was higher than the others' because everyone needed to see his bow at all times. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that his right hand controlled the entire string section.

"Heavily, but splendidly―!"

The concertmaster adjusted the timbre of the string section.

By pressing the strings with the lower part of the bow, he created an abstract sound.

Depending on the character of the piece and the conductor, it was also the concertmaster's job to adjust the abstract sound.

His cold eyes followed the members' bows, pinpointing those whose bowing direction was incorrect and sharply correcting them.

There was a reason why Dmitri was so sharp today. New members had been assigned to each section.

Hasn't someone said before that an orchestra is like a war?

No matter how excellent a musician is, it's the same. Even if they have built their career in another symphony orchestra, their status changes when the stage changes.

The new members were as tense as new recruits assigned to a military unit. It was no wonder, as the heart of the London Symphony had yet to show itself.

It was then.

All the members stood up at once. Would you believe it if someone said that the atmosphere changes with the entrance of a single person?

Each of his steps sounded like Tchaikovsky's "Pathétique."

At the appearance of Spencer, the chief conductor of the London Symphony, the new members nervously licked their dry lips.

His gaze was so sharp that they couldn't even look properly. There was only one place their eyes were directed.

Surely, the war would begin at the tip of that sharp baton.

"Maestro, thank you for your hard work."

After the practice, Dmitri didn't ask for the evaluation of the new members. The result would be obvious even if he asked. If he, as the concertmaster, was not satisfied, there was no way Spencer, the conductor, would be satisfied.

Anyway, an orchestra is about slowly matching hands and feet. However, the maestro didn't get particularly angry today.

Normally, he would have sharply stared at a new member who made a mistake, shouting "Cello―!" with his fingertips together in the middle of conducting.

"Are you already looking forward to it?"

"What do you mean, Dmitri?"

"Aren't you looking forward to the arrival of the violinist Hyun? It's really not long now. The members are also excited to see Hyun again."

Spencer brushed his nose without denying it. In fact, Spencer's feelings were no different from the other members'.

When Kang Hyun chose London over Berlin, he was overjoyed. The recent solo recital made him even more desirable.

"My old friend Spencer, may I come in for a moment?"

A pleasant voice was heard from beyond the conductor's room. The person who entered through the door was none other than Samuel, Spencer's old friend and the Crown Prince of the British Royal Family.

Dmitri greeted Samuel familiarly. Although the Crown Prince was not easy for ordinary people to see, he often visited the London Symphony.

"What brings you here again, when you should be more concerned with the people's welfare?"

"Oh, I came running all the way here to give you a gift."

"A gift?"

Samuel handed over a gray newspaper. However, it wasn't an English newspaper but a Korean one.

As Spencer opened the newspaper, his puzzled eyes grew larger. He didn't understand the content, but the headline featured a large picture of Hyun's face.

It was Hyun walking out of a chaotic accident scene with his grandfather on his back.

"Samuel, what does this word mean?"

The first two characters were clearly Hyun's name. He remembered seeing it when he visited Korea before. But he couldn't guess what the rest of the sentence meant.

Samuel translated the sentence into English for Spencer.

"HERO."

* * *

Ring ring ring―!

These days, the phone's ringing was more frequent than the cicadas' cries.

The reason was simple. Because of a single photo. Could it have been such a coincidence?

The media loves to exaggerate. Especially when a photo showed a car on fire emitting black smoke, and amidst the chaotic accident scene, Hyun was carrying his grandfather on his back while holding a tearful child by the hand. It was a photo worthy of a Pulitzer Prize.

"Ma'am, I'm sorry. You must be busy answering calls because of me."

"It's okay. Kang Hyun did something commendable. The chairman told me to unplug the phone for a while, so it should be fine for now."

The housekeeper's face was full of pride.

All Hyun did was carry his injured grandfather out, and the article detailed the situation. But the rumor had already been exaggerated.

There were even rumors that he had torn off the door of the burning car with his bare hands to save people. It took a lot of effort to reassure his worried mother.

"Mother, it wasn't that dangerous. Uncle Kim saw it, so he knows. The article was probably made bigger by the government to shift focus towards me. It's more important to focus on a heroic act than to report a chain collision on an 8-lane road when the economy is bad."

"Still, Hyun, you shouldn't get involved in such dangerous things anymore. I'm so proud of you, but I'm also worried. Understand?"

"Yes, don't worry."

The house, and even the school, was in an uproar. The occasional glances became even more frequent. It was no wonder since his face was plastered on the front page of the newspaper.

But most looked at him with eyes full of admiration, which was quite burdensome.

"A hero award, really."

He went up to the podium during the school assembly to receive a certificate directly from the principal. It was in recognition of his contribution to raising the school's prestige.

He couldn't count how many photos he took with the teachers that day. Even when he got accepted into the Korean University Law School, it wasn’t this much.

"Hyun, shouldn't you change your name?"

"What do you mean, Mi-Hyun noona?"

"Look at this fan letter. You're no less popular than Seo Taiji. I should start calling you Kang Taiji."

If there was something that changed after that day, as Kim Mi-Hyun joked, it was that he now had many general fans, not just classical music enthusiasts.

Do you know the popularity of basketball players in the late '90s? It was surprising how many fan letters came to his gallery, despite it being the middle of the night.

Mi-Hyun noona, watching from the side, was amazed.

"Hyun, aren't you going to have a fan club at this rate?"

Mi-Hyun noona half-jokingly, half-seriously teased. But considering the number of fan letters, it didn't seem impossible.

No, I'd rather not. This kind of popularity is something I firmly decline. The popularity that flares up suddenly is like a firewood blaze; it will calm down after some time.

"For Hyun, how about that as a fan club name?"

No, this noona...

* * *

"Oh my, our wonderful grandson-in-law is here―!"

When I visited Pyeongchang-dong with my grandfather after a long time, Chairman Son greeted us wearing a white apron.

He looked like a perfect chef, ready to star in a Hong Kong movie if given a Chinese kitchen knife.

Im Hyera, following behind, had a look of resignation on her face.

"Son, what on earth is that outfit?"

"Haha, in-law. They say a mother-in-law's love for her son-in-law is special, but today I decided to catch a hen myself. Didn't our grandson-in-law do something amazing?"

"If the presidents of your subsidiaries saw you now, they'd be too shocked to close their mouths."

Indeed, within Jeil Group, Chairman Son was known for his unparalleled charisma.

In a documentary reflecting on the history of Jeil Group, every president of the subsidiaries said in unison that Chairman Son was as scary as a mafia boss.

"How is it? Does it suit your taste?"

The ginseng chicken soup was made with various precious medicinal herbs. There's no doubt it would be incomparable in price to most foods.

Even with good ingredients, if the cook lacks skill, it's all in vain. But one big spoonful and my eyes widened. Who knew Chairman Son's cooking was this good?

"As expected, your cooking has always been amazing, Father."

"Is it that delicious?"

"Yes, Father. Even if I try to replicate this taste, I can never do it."

Even Im Hyera couldn't hide her admiration.

It wasn't just a polite remark. Even someone who could be called a gourmet was astonished by the taste.

"Indeed, if I hadn't run a wholesale business in North Hamgyong Province, I might have opened a restaurant. When I first came to Seoul, this is the dish I made for your mother-in-law. It was hard to find chicken in the north. We mostly ate rabbits or pheasants, so she was delighted when I made chicken soup. I added Gollisoo broth, which I gathered from the mountains in winter, for my ailing wife."

Who would have thought there was such a heartwarming story behind Chairman Son's ginseng chicken soup?

At that moment, Chairman Son gave me a peculiar look.

"I only make this ginseng chicken soup for our 'family.' Right, daughter-in-law?"

"Of course, Father. I was first served this after I promised to marry Il-seon."

I couldn't help but cough awkwardly. I almost choked. After taking a sip of water, I noticed Im Hyera laughing.

It was clear these people found great amusement in teasing me.

After the meal, as we enjoyed tea, Im Hyera stood up first.

"Hyun, are you going abroad during summer vacation?"

"Yes, I'll be in London and Berlin for a month. It's a great opportunity to meet famous musicians and experience the world's leading orchestras."

"You have so much talent. I'm worried our grandson-in-law might get taken away. In-law, shouldn't we proceed with the engagement ceremony soon?"

Chairman Son's joke was met with Grandpa's agreement. It was amusing how these two, who exhibited unyielding authority in their companies, turned into playful pranksters when they met.

It was then.

"Hyun, what are your plans for VH Company?"

"Pardon?"

"According to Manager Kim, you have quite the business acumen. He said you have the skills of an excellent conductor. Looking at the current situation, while your uncle and aunt are likely to sell their shares, the biggest shareholder isn't, right?"

Sometimes, Chairman Son would ask such sharp questions.

I wasn't interested in management, but I had promised Grandpa. To protect Dongju.

However, to fully protect Dongju, I needed my eldest uncle's shares.

Originally, the succession of Dongju was meant for my eldest uncle, so shares were systematically gifted to him since childhood.

Grandpa sipped his tea, perhaps to mask his bitter taste.

"For now, with Chairman Yoo around, your uncle might remain quiet, but in the future, it won't be the same. It could escalate into a management battle. You're smart, Hyun, so you must know that, right?"

Indeed, what use is blood in front of money? Especially from my uncle's perspective, it was like a rolling stone displacing a fixed one. Even Jeil Group proved that money is thicker than blood.

I knew how Son Il-seon took over Jeil Group. After the death of Chairman Son, the first thing Son Il-seon did was to oust his brother from the group.

"Hyun, how about a bet with your grandfathers?"

"A bet?"

"Yes, like before. Last time, the reward for the bet was a violin. This time, your grandfather and I will combine forces to give you a reward. However, the challenge will be tougher."

Chairman Son held up two fingers.

"Can you acquire all the shares of Dongju within two years?"


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

