---
title: Chapter 121
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:01
tags:
---


Everyone was welcoming me with open arms. It was such a warm reception that I didn't know what to do with myself, something I had never felt even during my past life as a prosecutor's assistant.

Chief Cellist Emanuel and Timpanist Michael hurriedly approached and hugged me tightly.

"Oh, my closest Hyun—!"

"Emanuel, what are you talking about? Hyun was closest to me—!"

"Michael, where do you get that confidence? Fine, let's settle this here. Hyun, who were you closer with in Korea, me or Michael?"

Emanuel and Michael were still like cats and dogs. I greeted the members without hiding my smile.

Most of them were members I had played with in Korea, but there were some new faces, presumably new members.

Their nervous expressions were obvious, not unlike privates in the military. It was then.

"Hyun, how did you figure it out?"

Chloe had approached without me noticing. Even though her voice was small, it was an effective question that drew everyone's attention.

"When you play the horn, there are times you need to use the gestop technique. If the player's hand is inside the bell and bent into a bell shape, the pitch changes. At the start of the second movement, there's something called hand-stopping where you completely block the valve with your hand to produce a sharp, metallic tone rather than a soft one. But in this performance, the horn was not completely blocked by the hand. To be precise, it was about two-thirds blocked."

"Wait, wait a minute. Charles, is what Hyun saying true?"

Emanuel couldn't hold back and shot a look at Charles from the horn section. Charles, looking dumbfounded, could only nod repeatedly.

Of course, the surprise was natural. The moment the horn appeared at the start of the second movement was so fleeting it could be described as a blink.

"Hyun, how can you know something like this?"

Emanuel asked with exaggerated gestures. Concertmaster Dmitri also looked curious.

What should I say? It was the same at Chappelle. When Maestro Eden Simeon asked how I solved Chappelle's mysteries, I could only say I just knew.

While others viewed the orchestra from a flat perspective, my eyes and ears approached it multidimensionally.

"Hyun, if it's alright, could you do it one more time?"

At that moment, Emanuel's question brought a hush. It seemed they couldn't believe it. Maestro Spencer also looked at me with interest.

Sure, an interesting scene had unfolded from the first day. I nodded without hesitation.

* * *

'Is this a hidden camera?'

The new members of the London Symphony couldn't understand the current situation. Finding the wrong parts of a symphony was an unreasonable task.

At first, they thought the senior members were teasing them. But then, an unknown boy appeared.

'Horn—!'

An irresistible voice pierced their ears. They couldn't believe the words that came out of the boy's mouth.

The part the horn played in the second movement was so short that identifying it was nearly impossible. Moreover, the orchestra's sound is a blend of numerous instruments.

Yet, how did he find the out-of-tune horn's melody in that brief moment? And even determine how much the valve was blocked by the hand?

"Christine, are we dreaming right now?"

"Isn't this like one of those hidden camera shows that are popular on TV these days?"

"I never understood people who believe in unrealistic Orientalism, but now I think I get it."

In the next symphony, the new members doubted their own eyes.

It was a performance led by Chief Cellist Emanuel. They listened with their whole bodies tense, but instead of finding wrong parts, they were overwhelmed by the fantastic melody.

Yet, the Asian boy once again found the mistakes like a ghost.

'How is this possible?'

Senior members were already at a loss for words. Even Dmitri, usually as cold as ice, and Maestro Spencer couldn't hide their surprise.

It was as if he had been playing with the London Symphony for a long time, showing no signs of nervousness.

It was beyond belief. Christine herself couldn't even meet the Maestro's eyes properly, yet this Asian boy was already joking with him comfortably.

It was then.

"Maestro, isn't it right to place Hyun in the first violin section?"

At Dmitri's remark, the new members' eyes widened.

The first and second violins hold significant roles in an orchestra.

Though not divided by skill level, the first violins often require high-level techniques and flashy skills.

New violin members usually accumulate experience in the second violin section before moving up to the first violin. Moreover, the Asian boy was merely a provisional member.

"Dmitri, it would be good to introduce Hyun to the new members first. While the existing members know what kind of person Hyun is, the new members must be confused by the current situation. They might even think we are playing a joke."

At Spencer's words, Dmitri nodded and introduced the new members to Kang Hyun.

Upon hearing Kang Hyun's name, some of the new members thought hard and soon exclaimed.

No wonder, as he was the figure who had caused a stir in the classical music world several months ago. The Asian violinist whom the eternal Maestro Gustav personally visited for a solo recital.

"Hyun, since the new members might not grasp who you are, could you show the posture of a violinist to the members here?"

Spencer didn't miss the dissatisfaction on the new members' faces.

They had joined the London Symphony through their bone-crushing efforts. Yet, in their eyes, the Asian boy seemed to have appeared out of nowhere.

"Could you take the posture, please?"

Christine picked up her violin. She had no choice but to follow due to the Maestro's words, but she couldn't understand. The other new members felt the same.

Hadn't she been playing the violin her whole life? How could he correct a posture that was already ingrained in her body?

Then the boy adjusted Christine's shoulder and arm height. He even changed the stance of her feet.

"Try playing again."

Christine scoffed inwardly at the confident boy. After being taught such an unbalanced posture, how could he tell her to play the violin? Surely, an unpleasant tone like scratching a metal plate would come out.

* * *

"They must have arrived by now, right?"

Baek Junghoon licked his lips in regret.

"It would've been nice if you could have gone too, Junghoon."

"No, you may not know, but going to London and Berlin isn't something you can do just because you want to. Someday, if my skills improve, I'll be able to go too."

"If you say that, what does that make all the musicians in Korea? Humility is not a virtue for you and Hyun. At least by my standards."

With that, Im Hyera handed him a contract.

"Junghoon, I heard your contract with your current agency ended. If you're not re-signing, consider us. We may not have many musicians, but you know we do everything with excellence. If you sign with us, we'll support you to the fullest."

Im Hyera's sudden offer left Baek Junghoon flustered.

She's a clever woman. How did she know his contract had ended?

But this was a significant offer. After all, Jeil Gallery was the most desired place for classical musicians.

Like London and Berlin, it wasn't a place you could join just because you wanted to.

He had heard that several well-known domestic musicians had expressed their intent to sign, but Im Hyera had turned them down.

"Can I think about it?"

"Of course, you can review the contract as long as you need until you are satisfied."

Baek Junghoon wanted to join Jeil Gallery for a simple reason. Kang Hyun was there.

Just observing his musical talent up close was inspiring. It must have been how musicians felt watching Bach, Beethoven, and Mozart.

"By the way, I heard Hyun made a promise to you. Is it true?"

"Yes, he promised to perfect the sheet music he gave me within a month."

Though he wanted to sit at the piano right away and look at the sheet music, he had a remaining question.

"By the way, who accompanied Hyun as his guardian this time?"

"Oh, the guardian?"

Im Hyera smiled mysteriously. Normally, she would have accompanied him, but this time was different.

"Probably the person who likes Hyun the most."

"The person who likes him the most?"

* * *

"Dmitri, how are the members reacting?"

Spencer had stepped aside to allow Hyun to meet the members. He didn't want to ruin the atmosphere, especially since some members found him intimidating.

But he couldn't help being curious. Especially about the reactions of the new members.

"Maestro, do you know how I felt when I first went to Chappelle?"

"When you participated in the Queen Elisabeth Competition, wasn't that the most competitive time?"

"Yes, before I arrived at Chappelle, I thought I was the best. But the violinists I encountered there shattered that illusion. It felt like facing an insurmountable wall. The new members must feel the same way I did."

Kang Hyun was young. While talent is crucial in music, so is experience.

But Kang Hyun, despite his youthful appearance, had an unbelievable depth of thought. It was as if an old man resided within him.

"Christine was so shocked she couldn't close her mouth. She must have felt it the most, especially since finding a posture that perfectly suits a musician's body is something even virtuosos can't do."

"But Hyun accomplishes this impossible task as if it's nothing."

"Yes. We know from experience, but to the new members, it must seem like magic."

The word 'magic' wasn't an exaggeration. After correcting Christine's posture, the melody had stabilized and become richer, almost unbelievably so.

Even Christine, who was bowing, couldn't hide her surprise on her face. Imagine how those who witnessed it felt.

"Maestro, are you planning to assign Hyun to the first violin section?"

As the concertmaster responsible for the entire string section, Dmitri asked about Hyun's part. But Spencer hesitated, recalling Hyun's performance at the graduation ceremony.

It was then.

"Maestro, may I come in?"

Amidst the conversation, Hyun himself sought the conductor's room. Spencer looked up at the sound of the knock and Hyun's entrance.

"Did you have a good time greeting the members?"

"Yes, Maestro. We had a lot to talk about since it had been a while. Did I spend too much time on greetings?"

"No, then let me ask you one thing. Hyun, what do you want to learn from our London Symphony?"

With Spencer and Dmitri's eyes on him, Hyun answered without hesitation.

"I want to learn conducting."