---
title: Chapter 126
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:06
tags:
---


Sizzle―!

The grand mansion in Pyeongchang-dong was bustling. The sound of sizzling meat and the savory aroma of various pancakes almost made it feel like a holiday.

The reason was simple. Today was none other than Chairman Wang's birthday, and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that all the noble members of Jeil Group had gathered.

There were enough people to form a soccer team. Chairman Wang had three sons and two daughters, and enough grandchildren to count on both hands.

"Father, happy birthday―!"

"Grandfather, happy birthday!"

Following the eldest son Son Ilseon's words, the voices of the second son, two daughters, and the grandchildren echoed like a chorus. Among them was also the third son, Son Hongwon, who had been estranged from Chairman Wang.

He looked uneasy, as if worried that Chairman Wang would burst out in anger upon seeing him, looking like a child in need of a bathroom.

"Alright, thank you. Everyone, raise your glasses."

On such a joyous day, it was impossible to get angry. The lavish feast on the table was the only thing shining in the silence.

As the bowls were starting to empty, someone spoke up, unable to endure the atmosphere any longer.

"Unnie, is Yooha still in America?"

"No, she's probably in London by now."

"London? Why would she go there? It would be so nice if she came to Korea today to wish Grandfather a happy birthday. She's usually so perceptive, but she always misses important days like this. Our Kyungwon woke up from his sleep as soon as he heard it was Grandfather's birthday. Oppa Ilseon should scold Yooha a bit. Staying abroad all the time will spoil her."

The youngest daughter in charge of the department store joked.

While some siblings feared Son Ilseon, others did not. The youngest daughter was one of those who didn't. Since Chairman Wang had pampered her as a child, she sometimes lacked discernment.

"Yooha visited Korea a week ago. I called her in advance because I thought there would be too many people today, and we wouldn't be able to have a proper conversation."

"What?"

"I've had enough to eat, so you siblings can talk amongst yourselves."

When Chairman Wang got up first, the children hesitated. It was obvious that they had come to Pyeongchang-dong to make a good impression on him for future inheritance matters.

"Father, I brought some pu-erh tea."

It was when Chairman Wang was resting in his study. Im Hyera came in with a teapot and cups. He felt like having some tea to cleanse his palate, and who else but the daughter-in-law who knew him best would think of that?

"How’s the atmosphere outside?"

"Most are busy watching Ilseon's mood. The third son looked relieved that you didn't say anything. I was worried you might get angry."

"Do you think I would hit the third son on the forehead with a spoon like Chairman Yoo? The hierarchy among them should be established by Ilseon, not by someone like me who's already on his way out. Look at the youngest; she still thinks she got the department store because of her talent, and she’s all over the place."

In a way, today was more for Son Ilseon than for Chairman Wang. That's why the usually strict Chairman Wang had left the seat first.

"Who do you think will carry the future of Jeil Group?"

"Objectively, among the sons and daughters, Ilseon is the most capable."

"Then who will take over after him?"

It was a difficult question to answer. Chairman Wang had more than ten grandchildren. Among them, Son Yooha was said to be the most outstanding but was still too young.

Chairman Wang smiled pleasantly as he watched Im Hyera ponder. He had chosen his daughter-in-law well. He would not give extra points just because Yooha was his granddaughter.

"That's enough. By the way, the tea is very well brewed."

How much time had passed, the teacup was nearly empty.

"Father, what were you looking at just now?"

Im Hyera asked, curious about the thick album on the study desk. She had been curious since she brought the teapot in.

Chairman Wang smiled mischievously at Im Hyera, who was glancing around with wide eyes. It was as relaxed a smile as the laughing children in the photos.

"It's my only hobby book."

* * *

- The conductor’s hands are heavy.

This was what Maestro Spencer said when he first handed me the baton. He probably meant that the orchestra’s sound and the interpretation of the music change at the conductor’s fingertips, so I should carry a sense of duty.

Even a simple 4/4 time signature can manifest as a grand resonance if the orchestra trusts and follows the conductor.

- Remember that a dead piece of music must come to life at your fingertips.

In colloquial terms, a conductor is said to reinterpret the notes of the dead. They recreate symphonies left by phenomenal composers who died hundreds or tens of years ago, bringing them to life through melody.

"Hyun, have I ever told you about when I first learned conducting?"

"What about it?"

"I spent about three years just binding and copying sheet music for the orchestra members. I had to know exactly what the orchestra members did, what kind of sound the trombone produced, and what sheet music each instrument used. After those three years, I finally got to hold a practice baton."

I couldn’t believe that even Maestro Spencer had such days. He wasn’t someone who could command numerous members with a single gesture.

Seeing his charismatic gaze from the conductor’s podium made everyone hold their breath. It’s no wonder he’s called the heart of the London Symphony.

"Looking back on those days, I have many feelings about you, Hyun. You’re such an outstanding violinist, and you’ve shown incredible skills as a conductor. Being able to lead an ensemble without losing your sense amid the sounds of many instruments is a great blessing."

"It’s all thanks to your excellent teaching, Maestro."

"Don’t try to wrap your talent and effort in the word 'humility.' Look at your right hand."

When I looked at my palm, the hand that had held the baton was already calloused and blistered. The blisters were so white that anyone would think I had marched with my palm.

Maestro Spencer had spent the past week teaching me conducting with all his heart. From the basics to his own experienced insights.

As a student, putting in my best effort was the proper etiquette between teacher and student.

"A guest conductor is like a wanderer searching for an oasis. They face many challenges outside of conducting as they have to synchronize with different orchestras each time. That’s why everyone wants to have their own orchestra as a principal conductor. However, becoming a principal conductor at one of the world’s leading orchestras requires passing many gates. I’m curious to see where you will choose to go at the end."

What an intense gaze.

It reminded me of when a senior lawyer gave me that look after I finished my apprenticeship. He had highly recommended joining his law firm after I graduated from the Judicial Research and Training Institute.

Of course, the intensity of this gaze was incomparable to that senior lawyer’s. After all, this was the world’s top maestro.

Then it happened.

"Maestro, the late-night snack delivery is here."

"Late-night snack?"

Out of nowhere, concertmaster Dmitri’s voice came from beyond the rehearsal room. The orchestra members had gotten so used to the word "late-night snack."

All the members, including Dmitri, had come to the rehearsal room. It was probably because we would soon be leaving for Germany.

Principal cellist Emmanuel was even holding a cake.

"Hyun, there’s something you must do when you go to Germany."

"What is it, Emmanuel?"

"Show them what a candidate member of the London Symphony is made of. Knock those Berlin Phil guys down a peg and come back―!"

I barely managed to hold back a cough.

I had forgotten how fierce the competition was among the world’s top orchestras. It wasn’t just Emmanuel; the other members had the same look on their faces.

They looked at me as if I were family. Everyone was cheering me on with clenched fists as I headed to Berlin. Anyone would think I was going off to a duel.

* * *

August in Germany is like spring in Korea.

"Hyun, we’ve arrived."

I looked out the car window, wearing just a thin cardigan. The Berlin Philharmonic Concert Hall had a distinctive exterior and interior.

The interior was as sophisticated as the exterior, which was designed in a multi-angular way, making it hard to believe it was built decades ago.

Moreover, the concert hall’s interior is designed like a vineyard on a hillside, with various levels and angles of seating. The farthest seat from the stage is only about 30 meters away.

"There are more people than I thought?"

"I found out that today is a rehearsal day for the Berlin Philharmonic."

"A rehearsal?"

After parting with Yooha at the airport, I arrived in Berlin two days earlier than planned. I had time to spare, so I came to see the exterior of the concert hall, and it was my lucky day.

"Can the public watch the rehearsal?"

"Sometimes they open it to the public, but today is a rehearsal day for the academy students."

"Unfortunately, I won’t be able to see it directly. Chrissy, please wait in the car for a moment. I’ll take a quick look around the concert hall."

I didn’t go straight to find Maestro Yuri. Arriving earlier than the scheduled date could be considered rude in Western culture.

I was briefly looking around the exterior of the concert hall when it happened.

"Hyun―!"

An elderly concert hall staff member was calling my name. Thinking it couldn’t be, I tried to walk away, but I heard my name again, loud and clear.

"Hyun?"

"That’s my name."

"Hurry up. How could you take so long in the restroom―!"

Before I could refuse, the old man dragged me into the concert hall.

He personally checked the seats and sat me down. Others sitting nearby looked at me with puzzled expressions.

Then it happened.

"Everyone, please focus―!"

As the orchestra members in casual clothes took the stage, the previously noisy auditorium instantly fell silent. The academy students' eyes were more serious than ever.

Of course, it was the Berlin Philharmonic. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that these students all dreamed of joining the Berlin Philharmonic.

'The maestro isn’t here yet.'

Not all rehearsals were attended by the maestro. Sometimes the concertmaster took that role, and today was likely one of those days, meant for showcasing individual skills to the academy students.

Following the concertmaster's signal, the rehearsal began.

'Amazing.'

A different kind of admiration burst forth compared to my time with the London Symphony. Especially the concertmaster, whose abilities were beyond words.

Unlike Dmitri of the London Symphony, who excelled more as a performer than a conductor, the Berlin Philharmonic’s concertmaster had equally impressive skills as a conductor. Even his cold appearance was similar.

"If anyone has questions, please raise your hand now."

During a short break after the second movement, the concertmaster addressed the audience, but there was no response.

The academy students seemed frozen by his charisma. It was understandable since the rehearsal was impeccable even in their eyes.

"May I ask a question?"

At that moment, Kang Hyun slowly raised his hand.

"Sure, but what is your name?"

"I’m Hyun."

The concertmaster, Samuel, squinted his eyes at the young-looking student. Somehow, the name didn’t feel unfamiliar.

* * *

Meanwhile,

"I need to go in."

"I’m telling you, the rehearsal has already started, so you can’t go in."

Choi Hyun, a 27-year-old academy student from Shanghai, was having an argument with another staff member at the entrance of the concert hall.

Of all days, why did he have to have an upset stomach on the day he had been eagerly waiting to attend the Berlin Philharmonic’s rehearsal?


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

