---
title: Chapter 127
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:07
tags:
---


"What are you curious about?"

Normally, I wouldn't have stepped forward like this. I don't enjoy being the center of attention, especially when I'm not invited.

But hasn't the melody been constantly touching my ear? As if testing me.

"Why did you change the arrangement of the introduction part of the first movement?"

"Change the arrangement?"

"Yes, in the original score, the introduction of the fourth part starts with a slow tempo and dissonant harmony. The atmosphere is eerie and dark as if walking through the night streets, then it changes from B-flat minor to major, and from C minor to D major, with the flow constantly changing until the brilliant sound of the trumpet resonates."

Beethoven, Symphony No. 4.

Schumann, an early Romantic composer, described this piece as a "graceful Greek maiden between two Nordic giants." It's understandable because Beethoven's Symphony No. 3 "Eroica" and No. 5 "Fate" are such masterpieces. There's even a saying that all the symphonies loved by Beethoven are odd-numbered.

At that moment,

"But the introduction you conducted for the fourth part was faster than the symbol marked on the score, almost like a scherzo."

The change in the introduction happened in such a short moment that it could be called fleeting. Even someone who usually enjoys classical music might not have noticed it. At first, I thought I heard it wrong, but I was sure when the second movement began.

"And in the second movement, you switched the themes of the first and second violins. The second violin was playing the theme while the first violin provided the dotted rhythm accompaniment."

"How are you so sure? The seating arrangement can be different during rehearsals. The member who you thought was in the first violin part might have been a second violin member."

"Each part has its unique melody."

Having experienced the Belgian Symphony Orchestra and the London Symphony, I could clearly tell. Each part has its characteristic quirks and habits.

Of course, not all symphony orchestras are the same, but the violin parts have their unique melodies. It's similar to the difference between soprano and alto.

"Have you ever attended a rehearsal of the Berlin Philharmonic before?"

I had seen a performance of the Berlin Philharmonic in my previous life, but this was my first time attending a rehearsal. The concertmaster's eyes were filled with interest.

"Would it be okay if we talked a bit longer, if you have time?"

"It would be an honor."

Suddenly, memories of my days at the Judicial Research and Training Institute came to mind. Even in my past life, I had long debates with the old professors there about numerous precedents and legal interpretations.

Of course, it wasn't to show off or to belittle the old professors. It was pure curiosity and a thirst that grew stronger the more I studied. There's a reason I was called a 'freak.'

With my excellent software now, that thirst was even more intense, not less.

Gulp—

How much time had passed? Before I knew it, the eyes of the Berlin Academy undergraduates were filled with astonishment as they looked at me. Even the members on stage were looking at me with curious eyes.

We had talked for a long time, but it was such a heated debate that no one could speak. I refuted the concertmaster's words, and he immediately refuted mine.

Did I feel bad? No way, I felt refreshed as if I had just come out of a sauna. The concertmaster probably felt the same way.

"What are you majoring in at the Berlin Academy? Conducting?"

"No."

"Then, are you a violinist?"

Oh no, how should I explain this? Even the Berlin Academy undergraduates sitting next to me were looking at me with curious eyes. I was just a high school student, not even a Berlin Academy undergraduate. My throat was choked as if it was being tuned with a tuning peg.

"Maestro."

Just like a lifesaver, the lion of the Berlin Philharmonic entered the concert hall.

As soon as the maestro, nicknamed the lion, stepped onto the stage, even though it was a rehearsal, an inexplicable tension and silence fell.

The maestro briefly glanced at the score and then looked up to check the academy students in the audience. Then,

"Hyun?"

He looked at me with a puzzled expression.

"Yes, maestro."

"Why are you there?"

Exactly.

* * *

"Son, it's late, but congratulations."

It was a box that looked expensive at first glance.

"Old man, what is this?"

"Open it. It's a gift from your older brother to you."

"You rascal, what do you mean by older brother when there's just a two-year difference—!"

When I opened the box, it was filled with oak bark and moss. Inside, there lay a majestic ginseng. It was long enough to be at least a hand span from the head to the root.

"It's a wild ginseng found halfway up Jirisan Mountain. I specially requested a knowledgeable herbalist to get it. You know how hard it is to find such a good one."

"Chairman Yoo, are you really giving me this whole ginseng root?"

"I already ate a small one on my way here."

Of course, Chairman Wang wouldn't have trouble buying a wild ginseng with his wealth. But it's not easy to find a wild ginseng from Korea.

Chairman Wang carefully picked a small stem from the root and ate it. Then,

"It feels like a blast furnace is boiling inside my body—!"

A rosy hue appeared on his wrinkled face. Chairman Wang and Chairman Yoo continued their conversation with joy. The main topic was about their Chinese business.

"I was planning to send Hyun to China with Mr. Kang as soon as he returns. The fact that the people in Tianjin think favorably of Dongju is all thanks to Hyun."

"Chairman Yoo, isn't it amazing? 'Guanxi' is not something that can be taught."

As Chairman Wang said, Kang Hyun knew how to win the hearts of the Chinese.

In China, the price can vary depending on 'guanxi.' In that sense, Kang Hyun had been sending gifts and letters to Deng Zheng every year, as if he was born with the knowledge of 'guanxi.'

"If only my second son and your third son could follow Hyun even half as much. Both of them have grown older but haven't matured."

At that moment,

Chairman Wang's secretary came into the parlor. Chairman Wang's eyes widened as he listened to the secretary whispering in his ear.

"My third son has come."

"Hongwon?"

"Yes, it seems he was hinting at wanting a subsidiary during the birthday celebration, and now he's finally making a move. He's kneeling in front of the mansion, asking for forgiveness for his past mistakes."

Chairman Wang's third son, Son Hongwon, had disappointed him multiple times due to his lack of business acumen. It was clear that he was not suited for business.

Chairman Wang picked another small root of the wild ginseng and ate it.

"Secretary Kim, bring a large ladle."

A spoon wouldn't be enough to correct his third son's mindset.

* * *

"That undergraduate is the violinist Hyun?"

Concertmaster Samuel's face was filled with confusion. The other members were just as surprised.

Who would have thought that the prospective member invited by the maestro would be present at the Berlin Academy undergraduates' rehearsal? They couldn't help but be impressed by Hyun's deep musical knowledge and experience.

"The members seemed quite surprised."

The lion of the Berlin Philharmonic, Yuri, greeted me in his office. Although I arrived two days earlier than planned, his face showed a gentle smile.

The reason was simple. I had unintentionally showcased my skills to the members.

"Especially concertmaster Samuel seemed quite shocked to learn that you are not a student of the Berlin Academy but rather the prospective member violinist Hyun that I invited. Did you plan this surprise debut?"

"No, maestro. I had no intention of deceiving anyone. It's just that, being Asian and having a similar name, the staff probably mistook me."

"Yes, I know you don't have such a bad habit. But the members might think differently."

It was certain that I had made a strong impression from the first meeting. Who would think of debating music with the concertmaster of the Berlin Philharmonic?

"Hyun, I invited you to the Berlin Philharmonic out of my own selfish desire, but the members' opposition is quite strong. Although they won't show it in front of me, I wanted to tell you in advance in case it hurts your feelings."

"I had already anticipated it."

"You anticipated it?"

Of course, it's the place considered the world's best symphony orchestra. The members' musical pride and values would be incomparable to anywhere else.

Just like the new members of the London Symphony, they wouldn't be pleased with a prospective member suddenly appearing out of nowhere. Come to think of it,

"Tsk."

Hadn't I experienced this in my past life as well? When I graduated from high school in the countryside and came to Seoul. There was quite a commotion when a student from the countryside took the top spot in the law department at Korean University. They must have felt quite humiliated, being constantly outperformed by someone who hadn't received proper private education.

"Experiencing the Berlin Philharmonic as a musician is a valuable experience in itself. I will do my best to gain the members' recognition."

"You don't seem nervous at all."

"I'm not without confidence. I've already made a promise."

Didn't Emanuel repeatedly warn me? The Berlin Philharmonic members would surely be territorial because I was different from them.

The London Symphony was an exception; most of the world's leading symphony orchestras are very strict. Almost like military units.

Their musical pride was just as strong. They even had a history of collectively ousting conductors they deemed unworthy.

If it weren't for Maestro Yuri's influence, I wouldn't have been invited to Berlin as a prospective member.

"By the way, you learned conducting in London, right?"

"Pardon?"

"I saw the interview. The maestro in London mentioned that new water would flow in London."

It seemed an interview was conducted without my knowledge. New water flowing in London—was it just my imagination, or did Maestro Yuri's eyes seem unusual?

"Hyun, what do you want to learn in Berlin?"

It was a straightforward question. I hadn't yet considered what I wanted to learn from the Berlin Philharmonic. I was just very curious about what kind of place it was. Isn't it the ideal place that Baek Jeonghoon and many musicians dream of?

Then, Yuri leaned forward and asked me again.

"You're not already contracted with London, are you?"

"No, maestro."

"That's a relief. It means we still have a chance."

Why do I feel a cold sweat forming on my back? Which musician would receive such a love call from the world's best symphony orchestra? And I'm only seventeen years old.

"By the way, Hyun, did you come here alone?"

Oh no, I unconsciously stood up. Hadn't it already been an hour since I entered the concert hall?

At that moment, Krissy's urgent voice came through the internal speaker installed in the concert hall. If I were even a little later, a scene from a movie would unfold.