---
title: Chapter 130
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:10
tags:
---


"Special performance?"

Adam, the chief editor of Gramophone, tilted his head as if he didn’t understand.

"Maestro, excuse me, but could you please tell me exactly what kind of performance you are talking about?"

"It will be a stage different from any Berlin Philharmonic performance up until now."

"A different stage?"

Adam's eyes filled with interest.

The reason was simple. Orchestras have their own unique identities. Especially, the Berlin Philharmonic, one of the world's leading orchestras, carries its distinctive color and melody as if it were a tradition.

But a different stage from what they had before?

"Could you tell me a bit more, Maestro?"

Moreover, wasn't it the Berlin Philharmonic’s lion? The conductor was as harsh as Siberia's north wind and meticulously strict.

At that moment when Adam’s throat bobbed significantly.

"A reserve member will be on stage."

"A reserve member?"

There were often reserve members in an orchestra. However, they rarely got to perform on stage. They were 'reserves' in the true sense.

Even if a reserve member replaced a regular member due to special circumstances, what was so special about that? However, for the Berlin Philharmonic, it was a significant matter.

"Maestro, has a reserve member ever performed on the Berlin Philharmonic stage before?"

"Not even once while I was conducting."

It felt like unexpectedly winning the lottery. The old saying that opportunities come when you least expect them was true. In Berlin, where he happened to visit, Adam smelled a scoop. Questions followed as if peeling off a Russian doll.

"Is it perhaps the winner of the recent Paganini Competition?"

"If you mean William from England, then no."

"Then is it a member from another symphony?"

The Berlin Philharmonic is considered one of the best philharmonics in the world. Its reputation is so esteemed that many musicians dream of joining it for a lifetime.

Surely, even the reserve member would be extraordinary. Moreover, it was the Berlin lion who had never shown such an unpredictable move before.

"Since London made the first move, I will tell you who it is."

"What? London made the first move?"

"It’s someone you must already know, Mr. Editor. From what I heard, you were interested in them even before I was."

Yuri's voice was tantalizing, like watching a fishing float on the verge of sinking. Slowly, under his cold gaze, the fishing rod was lifted.

"It’s violinist Hyun."

He had caught a big fish, not a small fry.

* * *

"Got a big one―!"

Alberto, the deputy concertmaster, exclaimed excitedly.

Hadn't the fishing rod curved into a parabola? Just as he said, a large fish's mouth was hooked on the fishing line.

Where are we? We've come to enjoy freshwater fishing with the members on a holiday. Constant practice without any respite could lead to mistakes.

"Hyun, you seem to have enjoyed fishing with your father?"

"No, I haven’t done it often."

Seeing me skillfully catching the fish and unhooking it, one member added a comment. I just smiled faintly, avoiding the topic.

When I think back, hadn't I never gone fishing with my father? Not in my past life, nor in this one. My father was always working tirelessly. When I return to Korea, I should make time to spend with my father.

"The way you cast the fishing rod doesn’t seem like you've only done it a few times?"

"Really?"

"Yes, many Germans enjoy fishing with their fathers instead of playing catch when they're young. Your skillful movements remind me of my father back then."

Well, in my past life, I had to learn golf, hiking, and freshwater fishing. Didn’t I go on outings to mountains or fields following senior prosecutors every weekend?

On the surface, it was for health, but in truth, it was about holding onto connections. I couldn't neglect golf, hiking, or fishing.

"Miguel, can I prepare dinner today?"

"You, Hyun?"

"We've caught fresh ingredients for dinner, haven’t we?"

The trap was full of large fish caught in the afternoon. It would be enough to feed the dozen or so members.

"Hyun, are you sure?"

"I’ve always wanted to treat the members to a meal. Shouldn’t I seize the opportunity when it presents itself? It's a pity not all members are here."

I answered Miguel’s question while cleaning the fish. Seeing how skillfully I handled the fish with a small knife, Miguel seemed reassured.

At that moment, Alberto passed by jokingly, saying, "We won’t end up starving, will we?"

"Don’t be surprised."

At that moment, the essence of Korean spicy fish stew was unfolding at my fingertips.

The reddish color and the spicy aroma stimulated appetites. It would have been perfect with a shot of soju, but I consoled myself with orange juice.

"Hyun, what is this dish?"

"It’s spicy fish stew."

"What? Whatever it’s called, the taste is amazing―!"

Alberto, who had been joking, exclaimed in admiration, moving his spoon continuously. Other members did the same. Though hunger is the best seasoning, the spicy fish stew must have tasted great.

I was only grateful to the members. Through repeated practice, I confirmed again and again. These were professionals, immensely skilled. Their hands were full of calluses that bore testimony to their experience.

"Everyone, thank you for accepting me."

At my unexpected confession, the members, starting with Alberto, burst into laughter.

"Hyun, sometimes you seem like a student of your age, but on days like today, you seem like someone of my age. The reason we accepted you isn’t anything else. Your skills convinced us."

Although Alberto spoke casually, I knew how much effort they had put into accepting me.

For instance, a young kid, barely out of his teens, stepping up to conduct them. Even though skill matters in this world, so do experience and age.

At that moment, Alberto put his hand on my shoulder and said.

"Hyun, there’s only one thing you can do to repay us."

Instantly, the members, who were eating the spicy fish stew, focused their attention on me. Moreover, Alberto had a serious look in his eyes, different from usual. This atmosphere wasn’t bad at all.

"Show us a fantastic performance till the end―!"

As I nodded my head vigorously, a large fish leaped out of the water towards the sky from the freshwater.

Leaving a big tremor in my heart like a ripple spreading on the calm surface of the water.

* * *

"Mr. Kang, you did an excellent job writing the report on the commercialization plan for Graphene. Whenever I read your reports, the context and main points are always clear. It’s as if the report is speaking."

Chairman Yoo praised Mr. Kang during breakfast. It was because there had been good news regarding new material development recently.

Moreover, Mr. Kang’s skills were exceptional. It was hard to believe he once ran a regular laundry business.

"Mr. Son has been asking for another 2-on-2 golf match. It seems he has taken lessons from a famous golfer. His confidence is sky-high, almost deafening. Are you ready to bring him down, Mr. Kang?"

"Leave it to me, Father-in-law―!"

Chairman Yoo, usually a man of few words at the dining table, had started to enjoy conversations with Mr. Kang.

It would be apt to say they were in sync. It’s hard to believe he once kept Mr. Kang at arm's length.

Meanwhile, Kang Hyunja, Hyun's Mom, watched the scene with a content smile. It was the sight she had always longed for.

"Mr. Kang, has my younger son been visiting you recently?"

"No, Father-in-law. After the severe scolding from you last time, he hasn’t come by the company."

"Really? If he shows up at the company again, you can crack his head open on my behalf. After all, you're older than him."

There were few people within the company whom Chairman Yoo could trust wholeheartedly.

Such was the nature of business. One always had to be vigilant and read the opponent's intentions. There were few people he genuinely considered his own, and Mr. Kang was one of them.

"By the way, when is our Hyun coming back? Hyunja, what did he say on the phone yesterday?"

"He said there’s a lot to learn in Germany. He mentioned he needed to practice and couldn’t talk for long. But I told him to call Grandfather when he had the time. Father."

"Sigh, that rascal. He sure knows how to keep us on edge."

At that moment, the housekeeper hurriedly entered the kitchen.

"Sir, please take a look at this―!"

The housekeeper hastily handed the morning paper to Chairman Yoo.

How much time had passed? Chairman Yoo’s wrinkled eyes gradually widened. The reason was simple. The face of his longed-for grandson was prominently featured in the newspaper. Moreover, the large headline grabbed his attention instantly.

-Violinist Hyun to Perform with the Berlin Philharmonic!

* * *

"Indeed."

Adam leaned forward with great anticipation.

"Violinist Hyun, huh."

He hadn’t expected the Berlin lion to mention that name. The person he had longed to see would be performing with the Berlin Philharmonic.

Just as the first part of the Maestro’s performance ended and the second part was about to begin.

"I can’t see him?"

No matter how much he strained his eyes, Adam couldn’t spot Violinist Hyun.

At that moment, a boy in a dark tailcoat appeared on stage. The audience started murmuring, and Adam leaned forward even more, widening his eyes.

Why? Because the boy was holding a worn-out baton in his hand.

What on earth was going on?

Kang Hyun bowed politely towards the audience and then looked at the orchestra members.

Contrary to the murmuring and bewildered audience, the members' gazes were calm. Like the gentle waves of a serene lake, there was no sign of disturbance.

It was proof of their trust in Kang Hyun.

Someone once said, "A conductor must not sweat during a performance. The one who should be heated is not you but the audience."

Kang Hyun thought that saying was truly an excellent expression.

As he took a shallow breath, it felt like his shoulders, elbows, and the tip of his baton were all one.

Tchaikovsky, Symphony No. 6, Pathétique.

It was a sonata form with an adagio 4/4 introduction. Kang Hyun's baton and left hand moved slowly, as if soothing a newborn baby.

As the deep tones of the contrabass laid the foundation, the murmuring audience focused their attention as if by magic.

Like the sun looking over the vast ocean, Kang Hyun scanned each orchestra member without missing anyone.

Each time the tip of his baton followed the flow of the melody, the mournful and uneasy themes of Pathétique were brought to life.

The woodwind's melody surged like waves, rising and falling at the tip of the baton, and the brass fiercely roared, filling the void.

The strings gently encompassed everything, making it seem like magic was unfolding at the tip of Kang Hyun's fingers.

Gulp―!

Adam couldn’t speak. The Berlin Philharmonic members were moving at the boy’s fingertips. Moreover, what was this melody and flow?

The somber bass and the explosive unease perfectly captured the essence of Tchaikovsky's Pathétique.

His sharp gaze pierced through the orchestra members without hesitation, and the tip of his baton showed no signs of wavering. At that moment.

Dududung―!

The trumpet's rising resonance heightened the musical theme.

The edge of the dark tailcoat fluttered vigorously with the melody. The young boy's shoulders moved continuously, and the massive orchestra followed his direction.

In the rapid rhythm of the scherzo, the timpani and cymbals' powerful strikes heightened the emotions, reaching a climax like an erupting volcano.

The audience held their breath, overwhelmed by the musical theme. It felt as if their entire bodies were drenched in sweat.

At that moment, Kang Hyun's fingertip slowly pointed towards the orchestra members. It was a continuous expression of the theme of Pathétique. Not only the audience but also the orchestra members had tense expressions on their faces.

It seemed to depict Tchaikovsky writing his final notes. Within the mournful theme, the pizzicato of the strings etched a profound impression.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

