---
title: Chapter 131
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:11
tags:
---


“Conductor, I said―!”

Unfortunately, the person on the other end of the receiver did not understand.

-Adam, that doesn't make sense. How can violinist Hyun be a conductor?

Of course, it didn't make sense. From the beginning, Adam himself thought that violinist Hyun would be on stage as part of the violin section. How surprised he was when Hyun went up on stage with an old baton.

-Adam, explain in detail. Meeting violinist Hyun at the Berlin Philharmonic is amazing enough, but you're saying he went on stage as a conductor?

Sharon couldn't hold back and urged him. It was understandable, as she was also an ardent fan of violinist Hyun.

In a way, it was only natural. Although she was a cold-hearted editor known as the demon of Gramophone, she could only be one of the audience in front of Hyun's melody. But more details, huh.

"He wore a dark tailcoat. The end of the baton was discolored and peeled, old and worn, but it shone like a masterpiece crafted by an artisan."

It was a concert hall with no wind. But the image of the tailcoat fluttering in the melody and the baton cutting through the melody sharply like a knife was engraved in his mind. Not to mention, how was the conducting?

Gulp―!

Just thinking about it again made Adam's throat move greatly. As if emotions surged like waves, it pounded on his chest.

The members seemed to depict Tchaikovsky's final moments through their melody as if they understood the word "pathetique" best. In the last roaring like a burning passion that rose from the sorrowful romance, cold sweat ran down their bodies as if they had been hit by a torrential rain.

Even now, holding the receiver, Adam's palm was full of cold sweat.

"To exaggerate, it was a stage where the lion of Berlin didn't come to mind."

-What?

"It was as if the identity of the Berlin Philharmonic had changed, as if violinist Hyun had been conducting for a long time."

In a hundred years, the identity of the traditional symphony orchestra that had written musical phrases changed at the fingertips of a young boy.

While the last movement of Pathetique was being written, there were countless audience members who shed tears. At the end of the piercing emotions that penetrated the theme, everyone was speechless. As proof of that, they couldn't even clap easily due to the deep lingering feelings that stirred in their chests. Even after the baton was lowered, the melody of Pathetique captivated the audience.

-Adam, is everything you said really true?

Didn't it pound the hearts of the audience in a completely different way from the lion of Berlin? The audience shivered and cheered at the fingertips of the young maestro. And they were captivated by his melody as if caught in a spider's web.

As time passed, rather than fading away, the sharp end of the baton kept coming to mind. Like the touch of the legendary maestro who heated up Berlin in the old days.

"The return of the young maestro."

It was the moment when the headline of the scoop was decided.

* * *

“How was your first conducting?”

It was when he was standing alone on the empty stage. Maestro Yuri was approaching slowly.

He wasn't wearing a tailcoat and didn't have a baton in his hand, but just his appearance made the concert hall feel alive with excitement.

“I am very grateful that you gave me this opportunity, maestro. I still can't get over the lingering feelings. It feels like the concert hall is holding onto my heart.”

“When I first conducted the Saxon orchestra, I felt like my mind was a blank sheet. I was so nervous that I couldn't even remember how I conducted. Compared to that, you moved the audience. And you did it with your own conducting.”

“Maestro, you flatter me.”

How could he explain the blush blooming on his face? It was just one conducting, but it was the most valuable experience he had ever had.

Just like when he first played the violin, the melody wrapped around his entire body, and the audience's gaze and the orchestra's appearance kept coming to mind. Even though he had put down the baton, his fingertips were still burning with excitement.

“The end of the baton must contain the emotions and decisiveness to lead the many members. In that aspect, Hyun, you are gifted. Look at those empty seats.”

It was thousands of seats. Just a moment ago, during the performance, those seats were filled with countless audience members. Their heat and gaze were still vivid in his mind.

“After the last movement of Pathetique ended, a standing ovation burst out only after a while. Do you know why?”

“To be honest, I was so overwhelmed that I didn't notice the applause coming out late. My heart was pounding as if it was going to burst.”

“Really? To me, it looked like you were catching your breath, watching everything end. It was that great. You clearly portrayed Tchaikovsky’s Pathetique so much that the audience took a while to get over the lingering feelings.”

The wrinkles around his eyes were filled with deep emotions. I felt the same. My chest was still trembling. No wonder the ends of my tailcoat felt like they were trembling slightly.

“Today, it was not me who moved and touched the audience on stage, it was you, Hyun.”

“Thank you, Maestro.”

“What do you want to do in the future?”

It was a question that was not easy to answer. Choosing between the violin and conducting was a paradox for me. However.

“One thing is certain.”

“Certain?”

“I want to make music even if it's for just one audience member.”

It was a different aspiration from the past. Didn't I feel the waves of emotions the audience sent to me?

It was a deep emotion incomparable to anything in the world. If I could touch even one audience member with the melody I created, what could be more important?

Maestro Yuri then showed a faint smile.

It was then.

“Hyun―!”

The members were coming up on stage. Even though they must have been tired from the hard performance, smiles did not leave their faces. At that moment, a cake suddenly popped out from among the members.

“It's your last day in Berlin, we can't let you go just like that.”

“What’s with the cake all of a sudden?”

“Today is your birthday, your first birthday as a conductor.”

In a way, I did conduct the students on graduation day, but what would be the point of breaking the mood here? Alberto, who had already lit the candles, would not stop until I blew them out. As I approached the cake, someone asked me.

“Hyun, how was your experience in Berlin?”

“It was the best days I will never forget.”

It wasn't an exaggeration. When I left London, I never expected to have such an experience.

As the wind blew on the cake, Maestro Yuri's cheeks twitched.

* * *

“Mother, what's all this?”

Wasn't it a twelve-dish meal that even the king's banquet couldn't compare to? My mother and the housekeeper lady must have rolled up their sleeves and worked together because I had been living abroad for a month. Anyone would think I was on a hundred-day leave from the army.

“Thanks to Hyun, your grandpa is enjoying a good life.”

“Grandpa, but don't eat too much meat. It's not good for your health.”

“Of course, who would ignore your words?”

Grandpa's face was full of vitality, even to the point of being vibrant. He was so happy to see his grandson after a long time, I wouldn't have lived my past life so vainly if I had known this.

I couldn't help but occasionally have these thoughts, even though I knew regretting was useless.

“Kang, now that Hyun is back, make time to go to China.”

“Grandpa, what do you mean by China?”

“This kid, pretending not to know, did you think I wouldn't know that you sent letters to Deng Xiaoping every time?”

Nice―!

They say sincerity moves heaven, and the effect of sending gifts and letters to Deng and Deng Xiaoping every year finally appeared.

Chinese people do not easily open their hearts to outsiders. It could have been done with a big gift to form a connection, but instead, this kind of sincere and time-consuming gift must have given them strong trust.

“Grandpa, please eat this.”

I made a wrap carefully and handed it to grandpa. As someone said, you have to do well when you can.

Grandpa happily accepted the wrap, and my mother looked at the scene with satisfaction.

“Hyun, today, come to the company with grandpa.”

“Dongju?”

“Yes, Secretary Kim and the employees want to see you after a long time. And there are things to show you.”

Things to show, I wonder what they could be.

* * *

“We have arrived, Chairman.”

As soon as I got out of the car at the words of Mr. Kim, the driver, the executives were already there to greet us. They were all familiar faces to me. And at the front was my big uncle standing tall.

“Chairman, let me assist you.”

Without a word, grandpa moved his steps at my big uncle's words.

From the morning, grandpa, dressed in work clothes, was touring the factory. The executives followed closely behind him.

Grandpa was over seventy, but he occasionally supervised the site himself. He always told me. The role of a manager is to heighten the tension on the site.

“Father, the road ahead is rough. Let me lead the way.”

My big uncle started to walk ahead, kicking away the stones with his boots. Anyone would think we were walking on an unpaved road.

No one at this place didn't know that such exaggerated behavior was because of me and my father. Grandpa didn't mind and kept walking.

It was then.

“Hyun, that place over there is where the new material factory related to graphene will be built.”

It was the place that would change Dongju's future. I felt a surge of emotions.

In my past life, Dongju was divided and absorbed by foreign capital. I wanted to drive out my big uncle standing there, but what could I do? Only I knew the past days when Dongju disappeared into the annals of history.

In grandpa's and father's eyes, looking at the site of the new material factory, there was a mixed flow of deep excitement and anticipation. Dongju will be reborn there from now on.

“Now, let's go to Dr. Tikhonov's lab.”

Dr. Tikhonov's lab was not far from there.

After walking for about ten minutes, I saw Dr. Tikhonov having a dispute with someone in front of the lab.

“No, I said let me in―!”

Oh no, just hearing the voice from a distance, I could tell who it was. It was my little uncle, whose forehead had been smashed twice before. At the timely appearance of grandpa, my little uncle stopped raising his voice and opened his eyes wide.

“Beomkyung, what brings you here in the morning?”

“Ah, father. It's not that, I just had some business at the new material lab.”

“What kind of business―!”

When grandpa shouted, my little uncle looked like he was about to cry, his face turning pale.

Of course, it wouldn't have been for a good reason that he visited the new material lab. It could be assumed that he was probably trying to steal confidential documents again, as in the past.

Thinking about it, it would be better to send my little uncle, not to Tsushima, but to an uninhabited island in the South Pacific.

“Father, isn't that too much favoritism?”

“Favoritism?”

“Yes. Aren't you too fond of Kang and Hyun? After all, the closest blood ties are me and big brother. We are your children.”

Who would say this foolish person is over forty? His conversation sounded like a middle schooler's complaints. I wanted to smack my little uncle's head as hard as I could. Isn't he no different from Yoo Jinseok? It was then.

“You rascal―!”

Grandpa strode up and raised his hand high. Grandpa, who rarely hit, was that angry.

My little uncle, scared, instinctively took a motion of covering his forehead with both hands.

Thud―!


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

