---
title: Chapter 133
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:13
tags:
---


"Oppadeul, are you really going to stay still?"

Isn't it a voice resembling a fierce cat?

"No, Hyunja as well. If your husband is that much of a scoundrel, you should at least pretend to stop him. His gaze wasn't a joke. If we had left him alone, it seemed like he would really hit the younger oppa."

"Bokja is right, Hyungnim. How dare that nobody who used to run a neighborhood laundry come in and cause such a mess in the family!"

"Ugh, it's hot. Ajumma, please bring some ice water quickly!"

The younger uncle, who had his collar grabbed by Kang Hyun's father, was panting with a red face. The housekeeper hurriedly brought a glass of ice water.

The house was filled with luxurious decorations. It was so extravagant that it stood in stark contrast to the antique mansion in Ichon-dong.

Isn't this the house of the eldest, Yoo Beomjin?

"Father isn't going to get up from his bed immediately, is he?"

"According to the primary physician, he might have to stay in bed for quite a long time."

"Ugh, I hope Father gets up and about quickly. But I'm worried that as soon as he gets out of bed, he might side with Hyunja's family. Imagine if Kang Seobang takes over Dongju."

Yoo Beomjin's eyebrows shot up. Yoo Beomkyung, the second, was no different. It never occurred to them that someone other than themselves would take over Dongju's management rights.

All three siblings had little interest in their father's illness. Rather, they thought now was the right time.

"As I said earlier, all I need to do is expand our hospital, but that's not the case for you oppa. Especially the eldest oppa, weren't you planning to lead Dongju in the future? At this rate, it will be completely taken away by that fox."

"That's a harsh thing to say. Do you really think Father would easily give Dongju to that Kang Seobang? It's something he's built his entire life, so he would naturally entrust it to his own bloodline. Everyone in the company knows how well Hyungnim has led Dongju so far."

"Ajumma, I'd like whiskey instead of ice water."

The eldest, Yoo Beomjin, soothed his burning throat with whiskey. Although all three siblings shared the same goal of not losing Dongju, their envisioned futures were different. It was like "different dreams in the same bed."

"Hyungnim, you really don't think Father will give Dongju to Kang Seobang, do you?"

"Do you think he would give Dongju to that ignorant fool? Business isn't something you can do like roasting beans over a lightning fire. Entrusting it to someone with no guts would lead to its downfall overnight."

"Then, what about Kang Hyun? I don't think Father would go that far, but..."

What?

Yoo Beomjin's mind envisioned his nephew, Kang Hyun's face. Wasn't he the most cherished grandchild? In fact, he seemed to like Kang Hyun more than the three siblings.

But Yoo Beomjin quickly shook his head irritably.

"What can that little brat possibly do―!"

* * *

In my past life, even stepping foot into the grand mansion in Pyeongchang-dong was difficult. At the end of the long garden path lined with red walls resembling a fortress stood the grand mansion, later known as the sacred ground of the Jeil Group.

At that moment, Chairman Wang, who was trimming the landscape trees with shears, greeted me. It was as if he had been waiting for me, knowing I would come.

"Did your uncles come and go to Ichon-dong this morning?"

"Yes, Grandfather."

"I was worried about Chairman Yoo, so I thought of going out early in the morning but decided against it, thinking it might be meddling in the family affairs. But what brings you here, Hyun?"

That sly old man. Didn't he know exactly what happened in Ichon-dong as if seeing it in the palm of his hand? He surely knew why I visited Pyeongchang-dong. His eyes glimmered with a peculiar mischief as evidence.

"I came to ask for your help, Chairman."

"Help? Hmm, let's discuss it in the reception room. I got some nice tea leaves yesterday."

Chairman Wang seemed more pleased with the word "Chairman" than with my request.

The scent of aged incense filled the reception room.

"Speak, Hyun. What is it you want to ask of me?"

"I want to protect Dongju."

"Protect Dongju? Are you saying someone is trying to take it?"

If Dongju fell into the hands of my eldest and younger uncles, it wouldn't even be a matter of taking or not.

It was clear as day that it would be divided and absorbed by foreign capital just like in my past life.

Why don't I step forward myself? Come on, I'm technically a minor.

"I need a pawn."

"A pawn?"

"Someone to act on my behalf."

Didn't Liu Bei have great generals like Guan Yu and Zhang Fei? I was no different. Until I became an adult, I needed at least one general to act as my hands and feet.

Chairman Wang leaned forward, intrigued by the term "pawn."

"You haven't forgotten the promise I made to your grandfather, have you?"

"You said if I reclaim all of Dongju's shares within two years, you'd give me a reward."

"Yes, but if you achieve it with the help of your grandfather, wouldn't that be cheating?"

What a petty old man.

"I'll pay the price for borrowing a pawn. So, it's not cheating."

"Do you have someone in mind for this pawn?"

"Yes, I do."

When I answered without hesitation, Chairman Wang seemed surprised.

From the moment I decided to protect Dongju, I knew I needed a pawn to act on my behalf since I was a minor.

Of course, if only Grandfather were healthy, I wouldn't need a pawn, but now was not the time.

I took a sip of tea and spoke straight away.

"I want to use Director Kim Sang-guk of the Strategic Planning Office."

"Director Kim?"

"Yes, Chairman."

Chairman Wang's face clearly showed he was contemplating. Understandably so, as Kim Sang-guk was the head of the Strategic Planning Office.

The Strategic Planning Office was the brain of the Jeil Group.

In short, I had chosen a major player from the start. I bet he never imagined I would want to use Kim Sang-guk as a pawn.

"Hyun, do you know what kind of person Director Kim is?"

"Yes, I do."

"Do you really know? Even if I allow it, Director Kim might refuse. He wouldn't want to waste his time on something unproductive."

Chairman Wang knew that I had interned at the Strategic Planning Office. He was the one who actively supported it. However, he seemed to think it would be difficult for me to understand Kim Sang-guk in that short time.

"Do you still want to use Director Kim as a pawn?"

But Chairman Wang overlooked one thing. In my past life, I had scrutinized Kim Sang-guk meticulously.

Preparing to become a congressman included understanding the personalities of those in the Blue House.

Naturally, I had to have a thorough understanding of Prime Minister Kim Sang-guk. Why did I want to use Kim Sang-guk so much, you ask?

"Yes, Chairman."

Because his nickname was Bulldozer. He was more popular than the president himself.

* * *

"Pawn?"

Kim Sang-guk's face was full of skepticism. Even as he was tying his tie, he couldn't quite understand the situation.

Early in the morning, Chairman Wang himself had called. He said there was someone who wanted to hire him.

At first, he thought he was being discarded after being used. How many years had he lived as a Jeil Group scholarship student? After much effort, he had finally become the head of the Strategic Planning Office, only to be told to move elsewhere.

-Director Kim, don't worry, it's not a demotion. You know I like you more than anyone else, right? If you don't like the negotiation, you can refuse. It will be a very interesting opportunity.

Chairman Wang's intentions were unreadable. If it's not a demotion, why send him elsewhere? Chairman Wang wasn't the type to easily give up his people.

Kim Sang-guk brushed off his thoughts and finished tying his tie. Whatever it was, he would find out once he got to the meeting place.

"There should be a reservation under the name Kim Sang-guk."

The manager of the high-class restaurant skillfully guided him upon hearing his name. It was a place he had visited a few times with Chairman Wang. Who on earth was waiting for him?

"Kang Hyun?"

It seemed somewhat unbalanced to meet this person at a luxury restaurant in Cheongdam-dong.

At first, he thought he had entered the wrong room. However, Kang Hyun stood up to greet him as if he had been waiting.

"Welcome, Director Kim. The seabream here is really good."

"What?"

"The food just came out, so let's talk while we eat."

Kim Sang-guk, as if enchanted, sat down and faced Kang Hyun. He seemed very comfortable, as if he had been here many times.

How much time passed? Kim Sang-guk, who had been eating seabream dipped in soy sauce, finally put down his chopsticks. The reason was simple. No one else showed up.

"Are you the one who wants to hire me?"

"Yes, Director."

"Huh."

More than being dumbfounded, it was almost absurd. However, as soon as Kim Sang-guk met Kang Hyun's eyes, he erased his sigh.

It was because of his exceedingly serious gaze. Chairman Wang wouldn't personally contact him for no reason. He knew Kang Hyun's abilities quite well from what he had seen.

"Alright, let's hear it. Why do you want to hire me?"

"Because I'm a minor."

"Is that the only reason?"

Kang Hyun didn't elaborate further, as if he wouldn't reveal more until he became his man, even wearing a subtle smile.

Kim Sang-guk felt his heart race for some reason. It felt similar to when he had a one-on-one talk with Chairman Wang.

"The contract is for two years. The details of the job will be revealed upon signing. Please review this contract."

"Contract?"

Kim Sang-guk took the document handed to him. It was a professional contract, meticulously prepared. It was clear that it had undergone thorough legal review.

But Kang Hyun showed no sign of nervousness, merely continuing to eat the seabream. He was so composed, like a seasoned veteran used to such meetings. It felt as if Kim Sang-guk and Kang Hyun's experience and poise had reversed.

"Hyun, do you think I would leave my current position to join you?"

"You won't be able to resist."

"What?"

Kang Hyun put down his chopsticks with a clink and spoke.

"Because you have ambition."

"Ambition?"

"Yes, I'm sure you can easily discard the title of Jeil Group scholarship student. More people don't know about it than do. You're not satisfied with just a subsidiary president position, are you?"

Kim Sang-guk couldn't hide his surprise. How could Kang Hyun know such things?

On the other hand, he found it intriguing. What gave Kang Hyun the confidence to make such bold claims?

He knew Chairman Wang had taken a special interest in him. He couldn't deny that the boy would become something extraordinary.

"Are you saying you can fulfill my ambitions better than Chairman Son?"

Kang Hyun merely smiled. Kim Sang-guk suppressed a sigh of disbelief.

Could the young boy's smile be stemming from overconfidence? Or was it just childish thinking?

But no matter how much he thought about it, the boy's eyes did not reflect immaturity.

"Then let me ask you one thing. What's the first thing you will do?"

They say you can tell a lot from one thing. He was curious about what plans he had for using him as a pawn.

"The war has already begun."

"War?"

"Yes, a war without the smell of gunpowder. To survive."

At that moment, Kang Hyun's eyes gleamed fiercely.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

