---
title: Chapter 134
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:14
tags:
---


“Your favorite musician?”

The voice was full of curiosity.

“It’s the violinist Hyun who gave me the most help and inspiration while filming this movie.”

In Jean-Pierre's mind, an image of a young boy appeared. Though he was small in stature, the melody that unfolded from his hands made the listener's heart race just as Paganini did in the past.

The reporter, who had gone out for the interview, licked his dry lips.

“Director Jean-Pierre, your latest movie 'Paganini' has been generating a lot of buzz even before its release. However, critics are saying it won't surpass your previous work 'La Vie en Rose' as a music film. What are your thoughts on this?”

“How can I rank my own works? But I definitely felt that I had grown compared to my past self while filming 'Paganini.' And I am confident that this movie will achieve commercial success.”

Jean-Pierre's eyes were full of confidence. Seeing him different from his usual self, the reporter swallowed hard.

“Director, does that mean you are confident in this movie?”

“To be precise, each performance scene felt as if Paganini had come back to life. The melodies of Paganini, which once traversed Italy and Germany, resounded once again. I was so engrossed while watching the edited footage that I lost track of time.”

“Is it that remarkable?”

How impressive must the visual and sound quality be for Jean-Pierre to be so confident?

As a reporter, it was often necessary to exaggerate the interviewee's words to create a headline, but now there was no need for that. Even if he just transcribed Jean-Pierre's words as they were, it would be enough.

But then, what did he mean by saying Paganini had come back to life? If it's not arrogance, what is it?

At that moment,

“If you're curious about Paganini's appearance, you can watch two videos.”

“Two videos?”

“The first is the movie 'Paganini' starring Alessandro. The second is…”

Jean-Pierre added with a mysterious smile,

“The making film starring the violinist Hyun.”

* * *

“Again—!”

As the commanding voice fell, Baek Junghoon's fingers moved. His long fingers started dancing again on the black and white keys.

The legato, which naturally connects the pedal pressure and the flow of melody, was carefully listened to by Kang Hyun's ears like a fine microscope.

“Again—!”

Every time there was a misinterpretation of the sheet music, the commanding voice fell. Kang Hyun did not explain in detail what part Baek Junghoon got wrong. It was as if he wanted him to figure it out on his own.

Baek Junghoon, known as the next maestro of South Korea, turned the pages of the sheet music back to the first page without any objection, just like when he first learned to play the piano.

“Again—!”

How many times had it been already? Kang Hyun raised his voice once more.

To someone who doesn't know music, it might have sounded like a series of soft and rich melodies. But to Kang Hyun's ears, it seemed like dissonance.

Baek Junghoon, who might have felt his pride hurt, instead had a flush on his face.

The reason was simple. The more the performance continued, the more he understood what Kang Hyun was aiming for.

“Again—!”

Was it presumptuous for a violinist to do this? Not at all. Baek Junghoon knew better than anyone about Kang Hyun's piano skills.

At first, it felt like facing an endless wall, leading to feelings of frustration. Perhaps this was how Salieri felt, who both envied and admired Mozart.

But now, such fleeting and limited emotions no longer surfaced. Rather, the more he looked at the sheet music composed by Kang Hyun, the more he felt something beyond admiration.

“Hyung, let's take a break.”

“Why?”

“If we keep going, your fingers won't hold up. It's already been three hours without a break.”

Only then did Baek Junghoon realize how much time had passed. His shoulders and back were already drenched with sweat.

Kang Hyun sipped his orange juice and said,

“Hyung, you interpreted the piece I gave you last time quite well, but for this piece, it feels like you're not grasping it from the start. When I compose, I draw the notes as freely as possible without being bound by form and standards. But you seem to give too much meaning to each note.”

“Giving too much meaning?”

“It’s probably the same for other musicians. They see the scores left by composers who were called geniuses in the past and make numerous over-interpretations. But in my view, they might have just written those notes absentmindedly while using the restroom. Of course, there’s no way to know for sure unless we resurrect someone who died hundreds of years ago and ask them. Relax a bit more.”

Baek Junghoon felt like cold water was being poured over his head. It was a direction completely different from the values he had felt while learning the piano.

He was giving too much meaning to the free notes, thus shackling the melody.

“Oh, and Samuel from the Berlin Phil was talking about you, hyung.”

“What?”

“He said among Asian pianists, he’s paying the most attention to Baek Junghoon. He wants to perform with you if given the chance.”

Baek Junghoon felt his heart race. Collaborating with the Berlin Phil was one of the things he had longed for.

On the other hand, fear crept in more than excitement. He doubted whether he could do well.

At that moment,

“Why are you so nervous about something that isn’t even confirmed yet? And you’ll do very well, hyung.”

“Now that I think about it, you seem more like an older brother than a younger one, Hyun.”

“Then try calling me hyung.”

He was such a mature younger brother that calling him hyung wouldn’t feel awkward.

As the break time ended and he picked up the sheet music again, Kang Hyun took the sheet music from Baek Junghoon and started marking important parts with a red pen.

“Hyung, I won’t be able to come to the studio for a while.”

“Why?”

It hadn’t been long since he returned to Korea, but now he couldn’t come to the studio. It was hard to understand.

Baek Junghoon knew Kang Hyun as a workaholic more than anyone. Sometimes, it seemed like he was in love with the notes.

However, the answer that followed was unexpected.

“I have some people I need to deal with.”

* * *

“The war has already started?”

The teacup was set down with a sound.

“Yes, Chairman. That’s exactly what he said.”

“A war without the smell of gunpowder. What did you think about it?”

“It was both bold and courageous. It might be the most accurate description.”

The wrinkles around Chairman Wang’s eyes were filled with a peculiar expression. Even just hearing the story from Kim Sang-guk was intriguing.

Moreover, Kim Sang-guk had an exceptional eye for judging people. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to sit in the position of the head of the strategic planning office.

“Manager Kim, tell me more about what you saw and felt.”

“I’ll be honest. At first, I thought you were testing me, Chairman. I thought the task was set by Kang Hyun. But as I talked with him, my thoughts changed. Kang Hyun truly wanted to scout me. And then…”

“And then?”

Kim Sang-guk swallowed hard, either because he was nervous or thirsty.

“His momentum was extraordinary. It was bold to the point where it was hard to believe such words were coming from an ordinary child’s mouth. I couldn’t help but be surprised when I went over the contract. It was detailed, and it moved as if anticipating such events, even though I don’t know who prepared it.”

“What did he offer you? Since it’s an equivalent exchange, he must pay you accordingly.”

“He said he would help me achieve my ambition.”

Chairman Wang expressed his admiration openly. In life, there are people who cannot be bought with money.

Kim Sang-guk was one such person. He was a man filled with ambition for the power he would seize in the future rather than the immediate money before him.

Kang Hyun had seen through this point about Kim Sang-guk in a short period.

“Manager Kim, what do you want to do from now on?”

It was Chairman Wang’s question. There was a look of hesitation on Kim Sang-guk’s face.

Wasn’t the position of head of the strategic planning office something he had obtained after years of hard work? The difference between becoming the agent of Kang Hyun, who was still a high school student, and the head of the strategic planning office was like heaven and earth.

But why? Kim Sang-guk couldn’t stop thinking about Kang Hyun’s eyes.

Having made up his mind, Kim Sang-guk slowly opened his mouth.

* * *

“Oh my, sir.”

Mrs. Yoo Hyunja, Kang Hyun’s mother, couldn’t hide her surprise at the unexpected visit from Chairman Wang. Moreover, the secretaries behind Chairman Wang were entering the house with golden bundles in both hands.

“Hyunja, I came to see Chairman Yoo.”

“Sir, my father’s health hasn’t improved much yet.”

“It’s fine. I just wanted to see his face. I brought a lot of things that are good for his strength, so consult with his doctor and let him have them.”

Hyunja was grateful for her father’s old friend. He visited Ichondong almost every day despite his busy schedule.

Indeed, it’s during times of illness that you realize who truly cares for you. Despite being the only siblings, it seemed like they were more interested in the inheritance than their father’s health.

“Father, Chairman Son is here.”

Even at Hyunja’s voice, Chairman Yoo lying on the bed showed no particular reaction. Fortunately, his vital signs were normal.

Chairman Wang, looking at his friend lying down, turned his head towards Hyunja.

“Hyunja, I have something to discuss with Chairman Yoo. Could you leave us for a moment?”

Of course, even if a patient is unconscious, their ears are said to be open. The doctor had advised that the more you talk to them, the more it helps the patient.

Holding back tears, Hyunja smiled.

“Hey, Chairman Yoo. I heard your children are making a fuss since you’ve been bedridden. Especially your eldest, Beomjin, who’s leading the charge to harm Mr. Kang. If he had a solid shareholding, he would have called an extraordinary shareholders' meeting to oust you from the chairman’s position.”

Chairman Wang continued speaking with his hands behind his back.

“Your second son, Beomkyung, instead of being exiled to Jeju Island, is now sticking close to his elder brother and conspiring to take down Dongju. And what about your third daughter, Bokja? She’s trying to get any scraps she can, pretending to follow her brothers’ orders. It seems we both failed in raising our children properly.”

There was no response, only the beeping sound of the machine echoing over the empty hospital bed.

“But Hyunja is taking such good care of you. She’s such a filial daughter compared to my youngest. I envy you when I think about that. And Mr. Kang, he reports the company’s affairs to you every day, despite your condition.”

Chairman Yoo, who had no luck with his children, had his own blessings. His youngest daughter’s family, including his grandson Kang Hyun.

Chairman Wang relayed what he had heard from Kim Sang-guk that morning.

“What’s most fortunate is that Kang Hyun has begun to move. He asked me to provide one of my key pieces, and do you know who that is? It’s none other than Manager Kim of the strategic planning office. No matter how you look at it, Kang Hyun has an extraordinary eye for people. And his ability to push things through is remarkable. Manager Kim has already fallen for Kang Hyun. He said that even if he doesn’t succeed, he wants to work with Kang Hyun once. The reason is simple. Every man wants to write his own history, after all.”

Chairman Wang stared intently at Chairman Yoo lying on the bed.

“But what will you do if you keep lying down like that?”

“……”

“Old man, there’s no one else here, so get up now.”

At that moment, Chairman Yoo, who had been lying motionless, slowly opened his eyes.