---
title: Chapter 136
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:16
tags:
---


"Hyun, have you ever been to America?"

The voice was filled with curiosity.

"Pardon?"

"I mean, you don't seem very surprised even when looking at the Golden Gate Bridge. According to your passport, it seems like this is your first time in the US. Is it because you've traveled abroad frequently for film shoots since you were young?"

It seemed like Kim Sang-guk expected me, a young boy, to be wide-eyed and wander around as soon as I arrived in America.

Well, it was the year 1997. There was a significant difference between South Korea, which was on the verge of crisis, and America, which was welcoming the 21st century.

For instance, the Golden Gate Bridge, the Empire State Building in New York, and Las Vegas could be described as different worlds. However...

"It's fascinating, but that's all."

Hadn't I visited America frequently in my past life? The 20th-century America didn't appear otherworldly to me; it looked more like a scene from a retro movie.

It felt like everyone else was seeing in color while I was viewing everything through gray lenses. Maybe that's why I wasn't very impressed.

"No matter how I look at it, Hyun, you seem like you were an American in your past life."

When I skillfully selected and ordered the seasonal menu and accompanying bread at the 50-year-old Pitts Coffee, Kim Sang-guk's eyes widened in surprise. It seemed like my habitual actions came out naturally.

I brushed it off, saying I read about the ordering method in the catalog on the flight to America.

"I never expected Mr. Kim to joke around."

"Look at you, who would think you're a seventeen-year-old high school student?"

I had grown quite close with Kim Sang-guk. It was ironic that I never imagined I would make the Prime Minister I observed while preparing to run for the National Assembly my representative in my past life.

Kim Sang-guk sipped his coffee and subtly looked at me.

"I'm curious about what your plan is."

I hadn't told Kim Sang-guk my specific plan yet. Of course, if he heard my plan, he would surely think I was crazy.

There were countless ways to make money. However, all of them coincidentally didn't align with the timing.

Investing in burgeoning conglomerates early on might be a good strategy, but it would take a long time to bear fruit.

What about trying a big short?

'Tch.'

No way, just like during the subprime mortgage crisis, many people dreamt of making a fortune and becoming the protagonist of a movie. Some indeed made enormous profits through put options.

But were they the only ones who exercised put options? Most investors had the same thoughts as the protagonists but eventually fell off the cliff because they couldn't time their shorts correctly. The movie doesn't tell you that.

No matter how advanced the software is, I couldn't possibly know the trends of foreign stocks in detail.

I needed to gather funds in a more innovative way. Of course, others might see it as a reckless act.

"To make a movie become reality."

That was the first task I needed to accomplish in America.

* * *

"It looks like Myeongdong."

Hollywood Boulevard was always crowded with people. The long palm trees gave off a resort-like vibe, but the flashing neon signs and billboards under them were almost blinding.

Moreover, as time passed, the crowd didn't diminish; it only grew, making the street even more crowded.

"Mr. Kim, you could have stayed at the hotel."

"How can I let you, Hyun, wander alone in such a crowded place? If I sent a young boy like you to the premiere without a guardian, the police might arrest me for child abuse."

"Child abuse?"

I understood Kim Sang-guk's concern. In many ways, I was more of a seventeen-year-old high school student than an employer.

In hindsight, I should have taken the car Alessandro sent. I regretted saying I would walk.

"Hyun, is Martina coming to this premiere?"

"Martina?"

"Yes, I've been a huge fan of hers for a long time!"

It seemed like he was more interested in other things. Clearly, he hadn't come because he was worried about me but to see Martina, the female lead of the movie "Paganini," who was currently the sexiest actress in Hollywood.

"Hyun!"

At that moment, the assistant director who had come to greet me was waving his hand.

Although it had been a year since I last saw him, the assistant director was so happy to see me that Mr. Kim Sang-guk, standing next to me, even praised me, saying, "Hyun, you must have done well in socializing."

Thanks to that, we could comfortably head to the theater where the premiere was being held.

"Hyun, it's been a long time."

"Long time no see, Director."

"And who is this next to you?"

After a warm hug with Director Jean-Pierre, I introduced Mr. Kim Sang-guk, who was standing awkwardly.

"He’s my uncle."

Mr. Kim Sang-guk cleared his throat briefly at the word "uncle." He didn't seem to have a better title in mind, so he stayed quiet.

"Alessandro and Martina should be taking photos at the photo line."

"They got out of a long limousine, right? I've seen it a few times in Hollywood columns. Top stars attending premieres."

"Ha ha, shall we go together then?"

The movie "Paganini" was competing with blockbuster hits, but judging by the number of journalists at the premiere, it didn't seem to be lagging behind. I heard the reviews from the press screening were very favorable.

At that moment, Alessandro and Martina were getting out of a limousine from a distance.

"They look like Paganini and his lover."

The couple stepped onto the red carpet as if they had come straight out of the movie poster. Their dignified steps and graceful manners clearly showcased their status as top stars.

Mr. Kim Sang-guk, standing next to me, was staring at Martina with his mouth wide open. It was when they stood at the photo line.

"Hyun?"

Alessandro recognized me and gradually widened his eyes. Martina, in her red dress, did the same.

The two hurriedly gestured toward me, as if beckoning me to come over.

Huh?

Before I knew it, I was pushed and ended up standing at the photo line with them. The journalists' eyes were full of confusion.

Alessandro, with a playful smile, positioned me between himself and Martina.

Anyone who saw us might think we were taking a family photo. Coincidentally, my suit matched well with theirs.

At that moment, Alessandro spoke softly to the journalists.

"This friend is the young Paganini you all were so curious about."

At that moment, dazzling spotlights poured down on me.

* * *

Chairman Wang's visit to the mansion in Ichon-dong was simple. He was there to relay the events of the past few days to his childhood friend. Chairman Wang found it amusing that he was doing this at his age, but it was also fun.

"Old man, get up."

At Chairman Wang's voice, Chairman Yoo, who was lying on the sickbed, slowly opened his eyes.

Despite being bedridden, Chairman Yoo's face seemed to be getting healthier day by day.

Thanks to the housekeeper who secretly prepared special meals for him late at night.

"Your children fled Ichon-dong like wild horses as soon as they saw me. Especially your second son, Beom-kyung, who turned pale at the sight of me and ran away in a hurry. How long are you going to let them conspire like this?"

"Isn't it amusing? They think I'm still out of my mind and say all sorts of things in front of me. Every time, I feel like the scales over my eyes are falling off."

"Tch, if it were up to me, I'd give them all a good scolding, except for Hyun-ja and her husband. But I know you've got your reasons."

Chairman Yoo gave a faint smile. Indeed, he wasn't lying in bed without reason.

The longer he stayed bedridden, the more his children's greed and desires would come to the surface. Moreover, they would lower their guard.

"Are you aware that Hyun went to America?"

"I am. He came to me a day before leaving and made a firm resolution."

"A resolution?"

I couldn't help but be curious. Wasn't this the high school student who had skillfully managed Strategy Planning Director Kim Sang-guk?

I was very curious about what resolution Kang Hyun might have made, but the other party just smiled mysteriously and didn't answer.

After Chairman Wang recounted what had happened between Kim Sang-guk and Kang Hyun,

"To rake in money, huh."

"Old man, do you have any idea what method he might use?"

"I'm not sure. He didn't mention anything about raking in money in front of me. But he didn't go to America just to attend a film premiere. What do you think, Wang?"

Chairman Wang recalled the various facets Kang Hyun had shown so far.

Wasn't he the one who showed a different side every time, like peeling off layers of an onion? This time, too, he would surely stir the hearts of the two grandfathers.

"He must be thinking of some extraordinary method."

At that moment, Chairman Yoo, who had heard noises beyond the door, lay back down on the sickbed.

Chairman Wang was impressed by his friend's cleverness. On the other hand, he thought that at least he wouldn't get bedsores, doing things secretly like this.

* * *

"Number 30, 1.2 million dollars—!"

The painting "Shadow in the Mist" by French artist Nicolas Frain; no matter how I looked at it, I was clearly living a life far removed from contemporary art.

I knew that this painting would sell for ten times its current value in the future, but I wasn't particularly interested.

"Number 7, 1.25 million dollars."

"Number 19, 1.3 million dollars."

It was the same auction house I had visited with Im Hyera, except the location was LA. Thanks to that, it was easy to prove my identity.

Typically, only the final bidder is called out, but since this was a private auction, each bidder was named.

"Hyun, why did you come here? Is there a piece you want to buy?"

Kim Sang-guk still looked puzzled. He never imagined that the place we would visit right after the Hollywood premiere would be an auction house.

Moreover, all the auction items were antique artworks.

"Yes, there's something I must buy."

"Something you must buy?"

I had confirmed it several times through newspapers and news. The auction item that would appear at this LA auction was certain.

Like a lion waiting for its prey in the bushes, I leisurely leaned back in my chair.

Although tens of billions of won were being auctioned off in front of me, I didn't flinch, causing Mr. Kim Sang-guk to shake his head in disbelief.

"The next item is 'Lunch with Barbara.'"

The auction house buzzed with excitement. Mr. Kim Sang-guk also had a curious look. After all, "Lunch with Barbara" wasn't a painting. It was literally a lunch invitation.

Who was Barbara? She was a Jewish tycoon involved in mining, railroads, and real estate. She had auctioned off a lunch invitation long before the Oracle of Omaha did.

"The starting bid for 'Lunch with Barbara' is 10,000 dollars, with no minimum bid increment. Please note that the proceeds from this auction will be donated to the Barbara Foundation's charity."

It was essentially an event auction. However, given the times, a starting bid of 10,000 dollars for lunch with a tycoon was astonishing. Yet, people began raising their paddles.

"Number 17, 30,000 dollars."

"Number 28, 35,000 dollars."

Since there was no minimum bid increment, it became a matter of raising the paddle and stating the price.

If my memory served me right, the first winning bid for lunch with Barbara was less than 100,000 dollars.

Considering that lunch with Barbara would fetch tens of billions of won in the future, it wasn't a bad price.

However, given the context of the times, it was a shocking amount.

"Number 76, 97,000 dollars!"

The auctioneer was ready to declare the winning bid and strike the gavel three times.

The crowd buzzed with excitement. The price had shot up quickly, but no higher bids were forthcoming.

After all, spending 100,000 dollars for a lunch was outrageous. Mr. Kim Sang-guk sighed and shook his head in disbelief.

It was then.

"1 million dollars—!"

I raised my paddle and shouted.