---
title: Chapter 137
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:17
tags:
---


Dudududung―!

Sweat trickled down my entire body as if I were playing Liszt’s “Transcendental Étude No. 4” like Mazeppa.

The sound of a horse’s hooves represented by thirds, the urgency of being chased by wild animals, the joy of hope blooming in a moment of crisis.

Like Mazeppa, it was a high-difficulty score that never let the performer’s soul rest.

My fingers danced on the keyboard as if racing along the notes.

From the shoulders, down the elbows, to the fingertips. Baek Junghoon's body moved in unison with the piano as if they were one.

When he gently pressed the keys like a spring, the awaited piano hammer struck the strings.

Thump, thump, thump.

Baek Junghoon's heart started pounding incessantly, just like the ceaseless flow of the score.

His long fingers glided across the keyboard, producing a brilliant and colorful melody, as if releasing a held breath.

As if reading a novel without any pauses, he flawlessly played the notes until a fermata marked the end with a final period.

‘Amazing.’

Kang Hyun's score was truly amazing. Baek Junghoon felt an inexplicable sense of uplift and ambition as he studied the sheet music composed by Kang Hyun. The more he practiced and reflected on the notes, the newer the piece felt.

How long had he been sitting in front of the piano? His long fingers were trembling as if he had developed a tremor.

It was then.

“Junghoon-ssi, are you still practicing?”

Director Im Hyera approached Baek Junghoon. She looked worried as she noticed his shirt drenched in sweat from head to waist.

She had expected that the pianist she recruited, being a genius and a hard worker, would push himself to some extent, but she didn’t think he would drive himself to such extremes.

“Take it easy. There’s still a lot of time until the recital, right?”

“I’m fine. Playing the piano is always a joy for me. And how could I stay still when my teacher left me such a great score?”

“Really, Hyun and you are both as stubborn as oxen. Anyway, take a look at this.”

Director Im Hyera abruptly handed a newspaper to Baek Junghoon. As he received it, his eyes gradually widened.

The reason was simple. Kang Hyun’s photo was prominently displayed in the entertainment section. And he wasn’t alone.

“Who are the people next to him?”

“Junghoon-ssi, don’t you watch movies? They’re Alessandro and Martina, famous Hollywood actors.”

“I was just confused. I never imagined Hyun would have a photo op in Hollywood.”

Indeed, no domestic actor had ever had a photo op on the Hollywood red carpet, let alone alongside well-known Hollywood stars.

And what about that confident and bold expression? He looked like the protagonist of a movie.

At that moment, another article caught Baek Junghoon’s eye.

“An anonymous businessman A won a lunch auction with Barbara for $1 million at LA Sotheby’s?”

“You saw it too, huh? I was surprised by that article as well. Who would have thought that a lunch with a tycoon would surpass a million dollars? The world is indeed a strange place, isn’t it?”

“Huh, who could it be?”

This crazy person.

* * *

“Hyun!”

Manager Kim Sang-guk’s raised voice was understandable. He had acted without consulting anyone, including himself.

He had spent a whopping $1 million from the business funds, and for a lunch of all things.

“Why did you bid $1 million, CEO?”

Kim Sang-guk had already switched to his employee mode. He even changed his informal speech to formal. It was clear he wanted to hear the detailed expenditure of the business funds.

Did he think I didn’t care about the money? Even if I had shouted $20,000, it would likely have been successful.

“There wouldn’t have been enough impact with just $10,000.”

“Impact?”

“It wasn’t just an ordinary lunch.”

Of course, it was an extension of business. It was similar to the concept of entertainment. Moreover, it was significant because it was the first-ever lunch with Barbara.

But Manager Kim Sang-guk’s expression was still unsatisfactory. Though I wanted to explain everything, I knew it would be pointless at this moment.

To Manager Kim Sang-guk, I must have looked like a crazy person.

“CEO, did you come to the U.S. primarily for lunch with Barbara?”

“Yes, that was the main reason. The premiere was just a secondary purpose.”

“Phew.”

Kim Sang-guk sighed deeply. Did I really fly across the ocean just for a lunch with a tycoon?

It was like having cold water thrown on the head of someone who had been planning a brilliant investment strategy. I walked towards Pitch Coffee, leaving Kim Sang-guk behind. I ordered my usual seasonal coffee and accompanying bread.

“Manager Kim, let’s eat first.”

“CEO, you paid $1 million for lunch, and now you’re just having coffee and bread? With all due respect, $1 million could have been invested in prime real estate in Korea to multiply the money. But lunch money?”

“I understand, Manager. I know it’s a prime time to sweep up golden land in Korea.”

Kim Sang-guk sighed again and nodded briefly.

“Hyun, I’ve been fond of you since I first saw you in the Strategic Planning Office. It was your boldness and drive that made me follow you to America. But I didn’t leave the Strategic Planning Office to commit such absurdities. As your uncle, putting aside our employer-employee relationship, I just can’t understand you.”

Kim Sang-guk genuinely worried about me. Unlike my past life, this time, I seem to have more people who truly care for and cherish me. My charm and luck with people must have improved.

Though I want to share all my plans, it’s still too early.

At that moment, my eyes met Kim Sang-guk's.

“Manager Kim, there’s a saying that seeing once is better than hearing a hundred times.”

“That’s right.”

“If this plan falls through, I’ll follow your advice from now on. But this time.”

Of course, I didn’t act thoughtlessly.

There were several groundbreaking and large-scale ways to gather funds. I chose the one with the highest possibility.

Why did I spend $1 million? The lunch with Barbara served as a bridge to amass wealth.

“Please watch.”

As this moment of turning movies into reality unfolds.

* * *

“To rule the country, one must first cultivate oneself and manage the family.”

The reception room was filled with an old scent.

“We’ve established connections in China and India, so now it’s time to strengthen our domestic position. It’s an excellent opportunity, after all.”

Isn’t the Republic of Korea in a precarious state? Though we narrowly avoided a crisis, the domestic real estate market was still in a slump. However, Chairman Wang believed this dark period wouldn’t last long.

Son Ilseon listened attentively to Chairman Wang’s words like a student.

“How is Hongwon doing these days?”

“I understand he’s been staying at home without any particular activities. Since he got scolded badly on your birthday last time, he’s been more cautious.”

“Alright, always keep an eye on and look after Hongwon. Even if he’s an unworthy finger, he’s still your brother. If he makes any mistakes, you should firmly correct him as his elder.”

Chairman Wang had many thoughts about his friend’s family. His own family wasn’t much different from Chairman Yoo’s family.

Fortunately, Son Ilseon was solidly holding his position. With a central figure, the family wouldn’t easily waver.

“Father, but how long will Manager Kim be disciplined?”

“Disciplined?”

“Wasn’t sending him to Hyun a form of discipline?”

It seemed even Son Ilseon misunderstood. He didn’t think sending Kim Sang-guk to a seventeen-year-old student was just a transfer.

Chairman Wang shook his head.

“Manager Kim isn’t someone who moves just because I tell him to. Why do you think I placed him as the head of the Strategic Planning Office? It’s because he has the courage and ability to back it up. Such a person moved on his own.”

Convincing someone with a single word is easy for a gullible person, but very difficult for someone like Kim Sang-guk, who constantly harbors doubts and thoughts.

However, Kang Hyun had captivated Kim Sang-guk with just a word. In terms of persuasive skills and situational handling, Kang Hyun surpassed even Son Ilseon.

“Chairman.”

At that moment, Secretary Kim cautiously entered the reception room.

“Is it news from America?”

“Yes, Chairman.”

The reason Secretary Kim visited the reception room was simple. It was due to the instruction to inform immediately of any special events from America.

Chairman Wang’s expression changed moment by moment as he listened to Secretary Kim’s report. Son Ilseon, who couldn’t hear Secretary Kim’s words, was curious.

Eventually, Chairman Wang showed a peculiar expression.

“A million dollars.”

From a business perspective, it was a relatively small amount, but it was still a considerable sum for a lunch.

What was his scheme this time? He was curious. What new aspect would Kang Hyun show this time?

The teacup clinked as it was placed on the table in the reception room.

* * *

“Welcome, Violinist Hyun.”

The lunch with Barbara took place at her Malibu Colony Beach mansion in LA.

Even if the meal was in a luxurious mansion, would you believe it was worth a million dollars?

An elderly butler personally guided me. It seemed they already knew I was a violinist. Surely, they had thoroughly investigated me.

The living room with a long dining table had glass walls, offering a clear view of the beach.

The brilliant sunlight streamed in like fancy lighting. It felt like a ten billion-dollar view.

At that moment.

“I never imagined my first lunch would be with such a young musician. Welcome, Violinist Hyun!”

Barbara, a renowned tycoon in mining, railroads, and real estate in America, made her entrance.

Her brown eyes in traditional Jewish attire looked familiar.

Do successful wealthy individuals all have something in common? Her piercing gaze made me feel like I was in Pyeongchang-dong.

“Hyun, honestly, I’m surprised. I never thought a lunch with me would fetch a million dollars at auction.”

“I thought a million dollars was a small amount to meet Barbara. I would have paid more if needed.”

“Haha, Hyun, you’re indeed an enigma. In the past, Jewish merchants appointed leaders based on their abilities regardless of age. I know your name well as a classical music enthusiast. A violinist who moved Berlin and London at a young age. In that sense, you have the courage and talent that would have made you a leader of a merchant guild.”

Indeed, the atmosphere would have overawed an ordinary person. The luxurious food on the table and the mansion’s splendid interior would be hard to notice.

Moreover, how about Barbara’s piercing gaze? Eating with those eyes watching would make one feel sick after just three spoonfuls.

I pretended to be calm as I picked up the knife.

As the seemingly ordinary meal continued.

“Hyun, do you have any wishes?”

There it was―!

The reason why lunch with Barbara became famous later on was nothing else.

Barbara granted the wishes of the investors who paid for lunch with her.

No wonder it was called Barbara’s Lamp, not Genie’s Lamp.

But I didn’t come just to make a wish worth a million dollars.

“I want to make a deal with you, Barbara.”

“A deal?”

Barbara looked completely unanticipated. She expected me to ask for advice on where to invest.

What could a violinist possibly trade with a tycoon who seemingly had everything?

At that moment, I leaned forward and met Barbara’s eyes.

“There are three reasons why Barbara and I should make a deal.”

Now, it’s time to roll the dice.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

