---
title: Chapter 144
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:24
tags:
---


Principal oboist Charles gives the signal.

The concertmaster stands sternly, eyeing the orchestra. Understanding the conductor’s preferences, the concertmaster subtly signals the players to tune slightly above the reference pitch.

Dozens of instruments, initially out of tune, gradually form a harmonious ensemble.

The concertmaster not only oversees the technical issues of the string section but also pays meticulous attention to every minor problem of all the members.

With silent, cold eyes, the concertmaster reads the movements of the string players' bows, deciding whether to use an up-bow or a down-bow.

The concert hall is filled with nothing but melody. Having worked together for a long time, they could understand each other’s thoughts with just a glance.

The new members' faces still show signs of tension. Despite having joined the London Symphony Orchestra for over a month, they seem even more nervous than at their first rehearsal.

The reason was simple. Maestro Spencer was gradually returning to his former self.

Step. Step.

As Maestro Spencer, known as the heart of the London Symphony Orchestra, appears, the members instantly fall silent.

The concertmaster rises to greet the maestro respectfully. Although there were no audience members, the rehearsal was as intense as a real performance, and the members’ faces were full of determination.

It was no different for the principal members. If they made even a slight mistake, they would face the maestro's sharp gaze.

It was at that moment.

“Christine.”

Before starting the rehearsal, Spencer quietly called out a new member from the second violin section. Though the concertmaster, Dmitri, gave her a hint, she seemed unaware.

The reason Spencer called out Christine was simple: her bow direction was different. It was a common mistake among new members but was never acceptable in the London Symphony Orchestra.

Before she could apologize, Spencer cast his gaze over everyone.

At that moment, the maestro’s left hand swept through the air,

And his right hand swiftly cut through the air with the baton.

Thud thud thud—!

Tempo, rhythm, and melody direction began to move like magic from the tip of the sharp baton.

Dozens of instruments were producing melodies in perfect unison, but Spencer’s eyes and ears missed nothing.

Crack.

At that moment, the conductor’s left hand sliced through the air and clenched into a fist. The reason was simple: someone had made a mistake.

“Violin—!”

Specifically, it was Christine from the second violin section who had made the mistake. Spencer was well aware of this but chose to address it as a general violin mistake.

The continuous tension of the rehearsal was so intense that even the principal members had beads of sweat forming on their foreheads.

As Spencer walked off the stage at the end of the seemingly endless rehearsal, Emmanuel let out a breath he had been holding.

“Dmitri, don’t you think the maestro is gradually returning to his former self?”

“It’s too early to say he’s fully back to his old self.”

“That’s true. In the past, if there was a mistake like just now, he would have kicked them off the stage without mercy. Still, he seems about thirty percent like the old maestro.”

To think that this suffocating tension was only thirty percent.

“Hyun needs to come back soon. Only then will the maestro return to his softer self—!”

No one could deny those words. Ever since Kang Hyun returned to Korea, the maestro had gradually started to revert to his old self. Emmanuel wiped the sweat from his palms and forehead with a handkerchief.

“I’ve never seen anyone with eyes that bind people like the maestro’s. He must have been a tiger in a past life. The sweat nearly killed me. Has anyone here seen someone with eyes like the maestro’s?”

“I have seen someone with eyes similar to the maestro’s. In a different sense, but they felt similar.”

“Chloe?”

At that moment, Chloe spoke cautiously as if reminiscing about the past. Where did she see someone with eyes similar to the maestro’s?

“In Korea.”

* * *

“Are you still recording?”

Baek Junghoon clicked his tongue as he visited the studio.

Hadn’t it been days since they were recording day and night without stopping? Kang Hyun’s obsession with perfection was so intense that even Baek Junghoon, known as a practice fanatic, wanted to give up.

If there were an Olympic event for testing concentration, he would undoubtedly be selected as a national representative.

“It’s not to my liking.”

“Not to your liking?”

Baek Junghoon didn’t understand. It was understandable. Listening to the recorded performance of Kang Hyun, one would be captivated by its enchantment.

Even Baek Junghoon, who had studied music his whole life, was moved by the melody, yet Hyun himself was not satisfied.

Gulp.

After listening to the entire recorded performance, Baek Junghoon’s Adam's apple bobbed involuntarily.

Even with this level of quality, if they released an album, it was clear that EMA, known as the prestigious classical label, would welcome it with open arms. It was needless to say for those waiting for Hyun’s album after his solo concert.

Nevertheless, Hyun was preparing for another recording.

“I’ll do it again.”

Baek Junghoon accompanied Hyun’s performance. However, Hyun continually stopped playing.

Knowing Hyun’s pursuit of perfection, Baek Junghoon just nodded and composed himself.

It seemed he was the one more excited than Hyun.

“Again.”

It wasn’t a piece boasting flashy techniques or sharp melodies. It was a lyrical piece starting with a warm and slow atmosphere like the ripples of a serene lake or children's laughter. Perhaps that’s why it was even more challenging to bring the musical ideas from the score to life through his fingertips.

Didn’t someone say it? Slow performances are much harder than fast ones.

“Hoo—!”

As the performance ended, Baek Junghoon exhaled the breath he had been holding. His body was soaked with sweat as if he had run a marathon.

“Hyung, there’s still more to record. Are you okay?”

“Of course, I’m fine—!”

It wasn’t a lie. How could he miss such an opportunity? If he had to pay, he would, no matter the amount, to accompany Hyun.

His fingertips touching the piano keys felt like electric currents were running through his body.

“A bit faster—!”

Hyun personally guided Baek Junghoon’s performance. Naturally, since Hyun composed the piece, he could interpret it perfectly.

Baek Junghoon, like a novice learning the piano for the first time, followed Hyun’s instructions without missing a single one.

The more they played, the more Baek Junghoon was amazed by Hyun’s talent. If Hyun had learned the piano, he would have been just as famous.

“Hyun-ah, what are you doing after recording tonight?”

Baek Junghoon asked, hoping to have a meal together, but the reply was disappointing.

“I have a family gathering.”

* * *

“Everyone, raise your glasses.”

Doesn’t it seem like Uncle is imitating Grandfather?

It was a family gathering with all the uncles and their spouses, as well as the aunts and their spouses.

Uncle sat at the head of the table, trying hard to set the mood, resembling a crow trying to imitate a stork.

As the meal progressed, Uncle and I made eye contact.

“Hyun, which university are you planning to attend?”

“Pardon?”

“You’re thinking of going to a music college, right?”

Sure, it’s embarrassing to say it myself, but many music colleges would want me. I’ve heard that professors from renowned music colleges in the country have contacted Im Hyera, the director, several times. However, Uncle’s question had a different intention.

‘He’s subtly pressuring me to stay out of management.’

He’s telling me to focus solely on music. Of course, I didn’t want to waste my life being obsessed with material desires and power. I knew life was too short to do anything other than the music I loved.

But Uncle’s arrogant expression annoyed me.

“I’m not sure. There’s still plenty of time left. Honestly, I’m also considering applying to the Business Administration department at Korea University.”

“Oh my, Korea University? Do you think it’s just some neighborhood school? Even I studied quite hard back in the day, but I couldn’t get into Korea University. Hyun, do you study at your current school?”

“Yes.”

What more can be said? Thanks to advanced software, studying was easier than in my past life. I never missed being the top student in the entire school, and sometimes even the homeroom teacher was amazed by me.

Aunt didn’t seem to expect me to answer naturally with a “yes.” She might faint when she sees my college entrance exam scores. Meanwhile, Uncle, looking uncomfortable, was clearing his throat.

Anyway.

‘Tsk.’

Why are these cunning folks gathering in Ichon-dong?

After the meal, the younger kids stood up first.

“Jinseok, since you’re the eldest, take the younger ones upstairs and play. The adults have things to discuss.”

Yoo Jinseok led the cousins upstairs.

When the adults were out of sight, I slyly approached Yoo Jinseok. Seeing my gaze, Jinseok's face showed signs of tension.

He probably needs some medicine. How can he be so weak?

“Jinseok hyung.”

“Y-Yes?”

“Can we talk?”

It’s time to check the black box.

* * *

“So, tell me more.”

As I was listening to Yoo Jinseok recount the series of events at his aunt’s place, a loud commotion erupted from downstairs.

As I stood up and walked, Yoo Jinseok followed cautiously with a fearful expression.

“Anyway, Father won’t be able to get up again, so why is Kang acting like this—!”

“Brother, there are things you should and shouldn’t say. Father-in-law is still alive and well, yet you’re already talking about transferring the chairman position!”

“Kang, aren’t you pushing this for your own position? I’ve heard that the new material commercialization is also sluggish. Even if you push, it’s a foregone conclusion that I’ll become the chairman. How can a guy who used to run a laundry cause such a fuss in Dongju—!”

Uncle and Father were glaring at each other as if they were about to pounce.

It was the first time I saw Father like this since he grabbed younger Uncle's collar.

‘Tsk.’

Of course, those cunning siblings wouldn’t come to Ichon-dong without a reason.

Especially Uncle, who probably intended to hold an interim shareholders’ meeting in Grandfather’s absence. He aimed to seize control of Dongju as a side benefit.

“Hey, Hyunja. Can’t you calm your husband down? How can he be so ignorant? Big Brother planned this family gathering to get along well, but he’s acting up like this. After all, if Father is gone, Big Brother will be the head of the family!”

Aunt openly criticized Father. Meanwhile, younger Uncle remained silent.

He probably valued his future meeting with the VH Company representative more than the current situation.

‘Oh my.’

What a spectacle. This was a classic example of a dysfunctional family, no different from those in dramas.

Of course, I had seen such scenes often in my past life. The more prominent the family, the more intense the management disputes. No wonder there were royal family feuds in the past.

But still.

‘A pig with a pearl necklace, huh.’

I couldn’t bear the thought of Uncle becoming the chairman of Dongju Chemical. Nevertheless, he acted arrogantly as if he was already seated as chairman.

He glared at Father with murderous intent before sitting down.

“Father has been unconscious for over two weeks. The doctor said there’s no explanation. A doctor I know said that even if he wakes up, he won’t be able to live a normal life. We can’t leave the chairman position vacant any longer. As the eldest, I’ll take over. I believe no one will oppose.”

It was at that moment.

“Who said you could do that?”

A familiar voice made everyone in the living room turn their heads in unison.

Uncle, younger Uncle, and Aunt’s eyes widened in shock.

The reason was simple. Grandfather was walking in with a healthy appearance.

Moreover, his eyes, resembling those of a tiger, were gleaming intensely.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

