---
title: Chapter 146
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:26
tags:
---


"My shoulder is acting up."

Sensitive musicians often suffer from one or two ailments.

Pianists usually suffer from tendinitis due to wrist strain and overuse, and conductors of orchestras often suffer from degenerative arthritis due to having to stand and conduct for long periods of time.

In the case of Spencer, the heart of the London Symphony Orchestra, it was his shoulder rather than his knee that was the problem. Every time he tried to lift the baton, it felt like someone was pressing down on his shoulder.

"After working as the maestro of the London Symphony for half my life, it's no wonder my body can't take it anymore. People call you an emotionless machine or a cold perfectionist, but I know you're the most hardworking person I know."

"Samuel, it feels strange hearing such compliments from you."

Prince Samuel of the United Kingdom and Maestro Spencer had been friends since childhood. Their bond formed at the royal school had continued into their middle age.

Given their close relationship, it was no exaggeration to say they knew each other's nature better than anyone else.

"So, does this mean the royal performance will have to be assigned to another orchestra?"

"Not a chance—!"

It was a celebratory performance to announce the birth of a new royal heir. Following Samuel, this was the birth of the legitimate heir who would take responsibility for the British royal family.

Since it was a performance held by the royal family, its significance was extraordinary. It could never be handed over to another orchestra.

"Spencer, are you thinking of a guest conductor?"

"Of course. I'll select one who passes my rigorous screening."

"Rigorous screening?"

Samuel knew how much of a perfectionist his friend was.

In Europe, it's rare to have an assistant conductor. Therefore, sometimes guest conductors fill in for vacant positions due to the conductor's circumstances. However, every guest conductor who passed through the London Symphony had left with their tongues hanging out in exhaustion.

"Was it last year that the conductor from America filled in for you?"

"Are you talking about the guy who fled back to America immediately after the performance?"

"Yes, the one who booked a flight back to America as soon as the London Symphony's performance ended. He looked so hollowed out, like someone who had been through a war. Every guest conductor who has stood in for the London Symphony has said it was like facing hell."

Spencer snorted. On days when his shoulder wasn't in good condition, a guest conductor would occasionally take the stage. That day, someone from America had come.

There are differences in nuances and interpretations of symphonies between American and European orchestras. Understanding and adapting to this in a short time is a realm of talent beyond just effort.

Moreover, who could relax in the face of Spencer's intense guidance?

"There was one person who didn't get nervous."

At that moment, Spencer smiled faintly as he thought of someone.

* * *

"Hyun-ah, aren't you nervous?"

Baek Junghoon had a puzzled expression. It was an invitation from the Korea University College of Music. Chairwoman Im Hyera thought it was a good opportunity.

Among those majoring in music, there were many fans of Kang Hyun and Baek Junghoon. Especially after it became known among musicians that Kang Hyun had given lectures at prestigious music schools overseas. Shouldn’t there be no discrimination between domestic and international activities?

"Is there a need to be nervous?"

"Huh?"

"Hyung, act boldly like when you play the piano. A lecture is nothing special. It’s just a time to talk about things that the audience is curious about. Actually, the ones who should be nervous and excited are the people waiting for us."

In a way, he wasn't wrong.

Had there ever been a time when Kang Hyun and Baek Junghoon moved together? They said the auditorium of Korea University College of Music was packed with undergraduates. But wasn't Kang Hyun someone who had already gone through Moscow and Juilliard?

Moreover, with the added experience of life, he looked as comfortable as someone going on an outing.

'It's been a while.'

Kang Hyun fell into contemplation as he looked at the scenery outside the car window. In his past life, hadn’t he attended Korea University’s College of Law?

The familiar campus scenery and buildings came into view. Surely, if he passed by the engineering building and went through a small side door, there would be a snack bar famous for its pork cutlet rice bowl.

"Huh? Driver, you need to turn right here."

"The sign says it's this way?"

"No, it's not."

Due to the vast campus of Korea University, they had to move around by car. Sometimes the wooden signs were turned in the opposite direction as a prank by upperclassmen to tease the freshmen.

Baek Junghoon felt Kang Hyun’s knowing gaze. Kang Hyun, with a sly expression, said he had thoroughly read the pamphlet with the campus map.

"By the way, Hyun-ah, did you finish that sheet music?"

"Which sheet music are you talking about?"

"The one you kept revising, with the forte and the delicate pianissimo—"

Kang Hyun instantly understood which piece Baek Junghoon was talking about.

It was a piece with musical ideas that changed dramatically, like a plot twist in a movie. It was a piece he composed with his grandfather in mind. The sheet music, left incomplete because the musical ideas were not fully developed.

But now, he could finally add the fermata over the double bars.

"Hyun-ah, have you thought about which university you want to attend?"

It was the same question his uncle had asked before. However, he didn't feel the need to attend a university in Korea. After all, Baek Junghoon also graduated from the National Conservatory of Music in Paris.

Just then, the car arrived at the building housing the auditorium of the College of Music.

"Hyun-ah, come to think of it, you seem to have grown taller?"

"Really?"

"Yeah, last year, you didn't even reach my shoulder."

Baek Junghoon measured Kang Hyun's height with his hand as they walked side by side. Kang Hyun smiled with satisfaction. It seemed like his growth plates had finally started to open.

But their chatter didn't last long. As soon as they arrived at the auditorium, they were greeted with intense heat from the crowd.

"There are more people than I expected."

As Baek Junghoon said, the auditorium was packed with undergraduates. Even the professors who had come to greet them in advance were seated, leaving no space in the spacious auditorium.

It was only later that they found out that students from other universities had also come to attend the lecture.

"Hello, I'm violinist Kang Hyun."

Kang Hyun picked up the microphone first, seeing that Baek Junghoon was nervous. It seemed like he had to break the ice first for Baek Junghoon to start speaking.

The undergraduates' eyes were filled with curiosity. Looking toward the back, even reporters with cameras were present.

To give Baek Junghoon time to relax, Kang Hyun asked the undergraduates if they had any questions.

"I'm Park Sooyeon, a 97th class student from the Department of Orchestral Music at Korea University. I am a huge fan of Kang Hyun. If it's not too much to ask, can I ask a personal question for the first question?"

"Sure, we haven't officially started the lecture yet."

Just as he was curious about what kind of musical question would come from a freshman's mouth.

"Do you have a girlfriend, Kang Hyun?"

The question that came out of the female student's mouth was completely unexpected.

* * *

Grandfather's study had a unique scent. Maybe it was the scent of old books and LP records that carried the passage of time. The well-worn bookshelves and sofa bore the marks of Grandfather's personality.

When I lay down on the old sofa, it sank and embraced my body as if it were sighing.

"You gave a lecture at Korea University?"

"Yes, Grandfather."

"How was it? Isn't that where the best minds of Korea gather?"

Indeed, there was a saying that if you wanted to see the future of Korea, you should look up at Korea University.

But hadn’t the first question made him break out in a sweat? In a way, it was more shocking than anything in Moscow or Juilliard.

Fortunately, after getting past the first question, things went more smoothly.

"Think of it as more of an exchange than a lecture. I didn’t know there were so many people in Korea who love and study classical music. Even though it was only for an hour, it felt so short that I didn’t want to leave the stage."

It was no exaggeration. Even Baek Junghoon, who had been quite tense, seemed to get more excited as the conversation with the students continued and didn't want to let go of the microphone.

Grandfather lifted his head from the documents he was reviewing and looked at me.

"Hyun-ah, what do you want to do in the future?"

It was an unexpected question. In a way, hadn’t Grandfather already handled things well at Dongju Chemical?

Before I could take any serious action, Grandfather had already bought out the shares of my uncle and aunt and even set a trap for my eldest uncle.

Unexpectedly, as Barbara Mining's stock prices continued to hit record highs, my pockets were filling up without me even intending it.

"I'm worried that I may have burdened you with too much. While lying down, I thought a lot about it. I heard from Writer Im that famous professors and musicians from overseas are looking for you, Hyun."

Grandfather's eyes were filled with concern. Of course, it made sense because, due to him, I had signed a contract with a Jewish chairman in a far-off foreign country.

To an outsider, it would be a series of unbelievable stories. Grandfather must have thought I was bearing a burden that no one else could easily handle.

"Grandfather, I know exactly what I want to do. So, you don't need to worry."

"Do you really?"

"Yes, and don’t I have to win the bet with Yooha's grandfather?"

Grandfather looked into my eyes and gave a faint smile.

Grasp.

I took Grandfather's wrinkled hand. While he was bedridden, I had realized something for sure.

Just like in my past life, the flawed nature of my uncles and aunts hadn't changed at all. If they saw even a small gap, they would try to take over Dongju, so I couldn't let my guard down.

Although I understood Grandfather's concerns, there was still one person I needed to deal with. I couldn't give up music either. To do that—

"Grandfather, I will protect Dongju to the end."

I had to become stronger.

* * *

Dmitri, the concertmaster of the London Symphony, was on a plane to Korea.

The reason he chose to go to Korea was simple. The person he had to meet to replace the injured maestro was in Korea.

At that moment, a young boy was reflected in his cold eyes.

"Maestro Hyun."

It was strange to attach the title of maestro to a young violinist, but it didn't feel awkward, probably because he had already experienced Hyun's conducting once.

Dmitri knew well the significance of a royal celebration performance in England. It was akin to performing for the emperor in the Kremlin Palace in Moscow in the past.

"I wonder if he will be the youngest, Hyun."

This was not a rehearsal but a formal stage. Maestro Spencer had invited not only Kang Hyun as a guest conductor but also one each from Europe, America, and China.

Everyone, eager not to miss the opportunity, reportedly rushed to board flights to England. Dmitri coming all the way to Korea was a very unusual move.

"Excuse me, can I have some ramen?"

Dmitri asked the flight attendant with a glimmer of hope. The taste of the ramen Hyun had made for him as a late-night snack was still vivid in his mind. Moreover, wasn’t this a Korean airline? The flight attendant brought him ramen with a bright smile.

"Blagodaryu vas (Thank you)!"

Dmitri unintentionally responded in his native language to the sight of the red broth. It had been a food that had lingered in his mind for a while.

The flight attendant provided both chopsticks and a fork, but Dmitri used the chopsticks he had learned to pick up the noodles.

Meanwhile, a Korean woman sitting in the business class seat next to him watched with interest as the foreigner ate spicy ramen very appetizingly.

After finishing the ramen and even drinking the broth cleanly, Dmitri wiped his lips with a tissue as if nothing had happened. Then, he took out a notebook from his inner pocket.

This was his first time traveling to Korea without an interpreter. Fortunately, he already knew where Hyun's studio and house were. But even so, he planned to learn some basic Korean.

"Hyun-i oppa."

Dmitri repeatedly recited Hyun's Korean honorific title that Maestro Spencer had given him.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

