---
title: Chapter 149
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:29
tags:
---


“밤이 길면 꿈도 많다.”

It was a voice filled with complex emotions. Su looked down at his palm. It was full of calluses and covered in scars, but it was still an insufficient palm.

How many obstacles had he faced while doing music? Each time, he did not give up. He thought that if he worked harder than others since he started late, it would be enough.

In fact, when he won the Salzburg International Conducting Competition, didn’t he prove that resolve in reality? However.

“Young master, are you all right?”

The bodyguard sitting next to Su showed a worried expression as Su frowned.

Su nodded briefly and ran his long fingers over his face.

He didn’t forget to ask a passing flight attendant for a glass of whiskey. There was no better special remedy for when emotions were complicated like a storm raging inside him.

‘London Symphony.’

He had recently received a call about selecting a conductor for a royal performance. Not only himself, but also Miles from America and Matthew from Europe had been invited by the London Symphony.

They were all capable young conductors. However, among them was a conductor whose name was somewhat unfamiliar.

Su found the whiskey bitter. It was probably because he thought of him.

It was said that he was a former violinist. He had no experience participating in international conducting competitions and had never been an assistant conductor in any orchestra. No, hadn’t they said he hadn’t been conducting for very long?

Crunch.

He curled his long fingers into a fist. At first, he was so dumbfounded that he thought the London Symphony was joking.

Who could have imagined that among the conductors selected for the royal performance, there would be such a rookie mixed in?

He might have stood out as a violinist, but conducting was a completely different field.

“Young master?”

The bodyguard asked again, looking at Su. His face was clearly tense. But Su waved him off.

Right now, there was only one boy occupying Su’s mind.

By chance, he had managed to get a video of that boy conducting. Unbelievably, it seemed he had the honor of conducting the Berlin Philharmonic.

It was not an exaggeration to say it was the world’s best orchestra, and the boy held the baton there. Su could not take his eyes off the screen as he watched.

As the boy took a shallow breath, from his raised shoulders, past his elbows, to the tip of the baton, it all seemed to move as one.

Tchaikovsky, Symphony No. 6 in B minor, Pathétique.

While watching the video, Su felt a shiver run through his entire body.

The boy’s fingertips followed the melody, perfectly recreating the gloomy and anxious themes of the Pathétique.

When the trumpet’s rising resonance heightened the theme, Su, who was watching the video, found himself holding his breath.

A rookie? Nonsense. Didn’t he act as skillfully as someone who had been conducting for a long time?

“Hyun.”

Complicated emotions arose in Su’s eyes as he murmured the boy’s name.

* * *

‘Tsk.’

It was a situation where I had no choice but to click my tongue. Who would have thought they mistook me for someone else at the airport?

Of course, I couldn’t avoid some of the blame. I got into the back seat without saying a word, so I was partly responsible.

The driver who had brought me was drenched in cold sweat. Anyone would think he had committed a deadly sin, seeing how deflated he looked.

“Wangchun, the young master will arrive at the airport in two hours. Make sure there are no mistakes then.”

“Yes, yes!”

Only then did the driver’s face brighten. The old butler with gray hair turned to look at me this time.

“What will you do?”

Of course, I had to go back. But I couldn’t go back alone. Not only was it far from the city, but the garden was so long that it was difficult to walk even to the entrance of the mansion.

At that moment, the butler shook his head as if he had read my mind.

“Of course, we will provide transportation for your return. However, since this happened due to our mistake, we would like to make amends. Our family elder instructed us not to easily send away guests who enter the mansion.”

“Amends?”

The old butler’s face was so serious that it was difficult to refuse. Anyway, I had informed the London Symphony that I would arrive tomorrow, so it wouldn’t be a big problem.

“I would like to make a phone call first.”

Ah, I should call Chrissy. Otherwise, she might do something crazy trying to find me.

“It's not much, but please enjoy.”

Didn’t they say excessive humility is burdensome? This was exactly that situation. The lavish feast laid out on the red tablecloth looked no less than a banquet that an emperor might have eaten in the past. If this was the level of “not much,” then what would a properly prepared meal look like?

‘Are they mafia?’

Judging by their use of Cantonese, they could be Triads. The people, including the butler, had discipline deeply ingrained in their bodies.

I was just about to finish my meal and leave quickly without asking any more questions.

“Piano?”

On my way out after finishing my meal, something caught my eye. In the center of the mansion’s living room, illuminated by a chandelier, stood a grand piano.

As I stared at the piano blankly, the old butler with gray hair appeared beside me.

“Was the meal satisfactory?”

“It was excellent. But hasn’t that piano been played for a long time?”

The butler’s eyes widened as if wondering how I knew.

There was a reason I said that. The piano’s exterior looked well-maintained, but the problem was not the outside; it was the inside.

“How did you know?”

“I can just tell by looking.”

“In the past, the young master of the mansion used to play it, but at some point, he stopped. In fact, the inside is broken, and even master craftsmen couldn’t figure out how to repair it.”

“May I take a look?”

How could a sparrow pass by a mill? I had received a feast that could break a table leg, so it wouldn’t be bad to repay them this time.

When I opened the piano’s lid, the internal problem became clear. I didn’t know since when, but I had become so familiar with the structure of instruments that it was as if I could see them in the palm of my hand.

Because of this, even Baek Junghoon was often surprised. He often praised me, saying I was more skilled in instrument repair than anyone he had seen.

“It’s badly damaged.”

Someone must have intentionally broken it. The strings that produced sound and the hammers were a mess. The key depth was uneven, and the damper screws were rusted.

If you pressed the keys in this state, it would probably sound like a gong being struck.

Moreover, the pedal rubber was worn out. It was like a person who had been bedridden for so long that they developed bedsores.

But there was no need to worry. This piano was lucky to have met me, and it would be firmly embedded in its place better than any other fortune.

“Tuning tool.”

I held out my hand behind me like a doctor asking for a scalpel from a nurse.

* * *

“Young master, you’re back!”

The old butler ran out barefoot to greet Su. The butler’s eyes were filled with emotion, as if he were looking at his grandson. It was understandable, as it had been a very long time since Su had last visited the mansion in England.

“Was your journey comfortable?”

“The driver drove well, so it was fine. If it’s okay, I’d like to have the same driver while I’m in England.”

The butler nodded, saying there was no question about it. Wangchun’s driving skills were already renowned.

“I heard there was another guest today besides me?”

“Pardon?”

“The driver seemed very nervous, so I asked just in case. I wondered if he had made a mistake before I arrived, and it turns out he did.”

Wangchun sweated and avoided the butler’s gaze. The butler briefly nodded and explained the series of events that had happened today.

It was a peculiar guest. Even the butler, who had received many guests, found him unusual.

“Peculiar?”

Usually, when ordinary people faced such a grand mansion, they would be overwhelmed with fear. However, the boy walked as if it were his own home, with no hesitation in his steps. Moreover, there was no fear or tension in his eyes; he was confident.

Furthermore, despite not being Chinese, he spoke fluent Cantonese, as if he had lived in Hong Kong for a long time.

As the butler’s story continued, Su’s eyes showed a hint of interest.

“What does he do?”

“He said he does music.”

It was an unexpected story. Su, while walking, looked at the piano he used to play when he was young.

It was a half-broken piano that his father, who opposed his music, had destroyed, with only the exterior intact. When he was told that no one could repair it, he had cried, as it left a deep scar in the heart of the young boy.

He thought it would have been discarded long ago, but the old butler had managed to keep it.

Su’s long fingers carefully removed the piano cover. If he pressed the keys, it would surely produce a dull sound. But then.

“Huh?”

Su doubted his ears. From the broken piano came a beautiful melody.

Even as he gently pressed the keys, the sound remained clear, as if it had just been tuned.

Seeing this, the old butler smiled contentedly and added,

“He said he would be waiting.”

“Waiting?”

“The boy who fixed the piano said that.”

The boy, who was repairing the piano like a doctor, had said awkwardly while wiping his nose.

“He said he would be waiting for the owner.”

* * *

Spencer’s sharp eyes scanned the young conductors.

Miles from America, Matthew from Europe, Su from China, and Kang Hyun from Korea. They were all renowned rising stars.

In other words, the music of the millennium would be conducted by their batons.

“I have called you because I hope one of you will conduct the London Symphony at the royal performance in my stead. However, as there can only be one maestro on the podium, only one of you will take the podium in my stead. If anyone has any objections, you may leave the audition immediately.”

Despite Spencer’s cold voice, none of them cared. Instead, the young conductors’ eyes burned with excitement and anticipation.

It was understandable since conducting the London Symphony was an opportunity not given to just anyone. Moreover, it was a moment when the honor of being a conductor could shine at the British royal performance.

“Follow me.”

As Spencer led the way, the young conductors followed. The closer they got to the concert hall, the more their hearts pounded as if they were about to burst.

The concert hall had a distinctive woody scent. The subtle phytoncide aroma calmed their minds.

But excitement soon turned to tension.

“Maestro?”

Miles from America looked at Maestro Spencer with a puzzled expression.

Usually, when conducting an impromptu audition, the piano would be conducted instead of the orchestra.

As it was impossible to coordinate all the orchestra members’ schedules, and it was almost impossible to match their breathing in a short time.

“Isn’t the royal performance supposed to be conducted with the London Symphony in my stead? So the audition will also be conducted with the actual London Symphony members. Of course, I will not select you based on just today’s result.”

On the stage of the concert hall, the London Symphony members were seated. Each one’s eyes seemed to be piercing.

Only one, Kang Hyun from Korea, looked at the members without any hint of tension. It wasn’t because he was familiar with the members, but because his nature didn’t allow for the word tension.

“Schoenberg, Gurre-Lieder.”

Suddenly, a symphony spilled out from Spencer’s mouth. The young conductors looked at each other in bewilderment.

“Any movement will do. Is there anyone who would like to perform it?”

No one stepped forward rashly. Moreover, Spencer didn’t even hand over the score.

It was rare for anyone to have memorized the grand narrative that unfolds on dozens of staves.

Moreover, Schoenberg’s Gurre-Lieder is a cantata with opera-like characteristics, a song for solo voice, chorus, and large orchestra.

Due to its large scale, it was rarely performed directly.

The string part Schoenberg required was clearly insufficient with the members on stage. Not to mention the 8-voice mixed choir wasn’t even present. That meant they had to arrange it to fit the situation.

No one could rashly raise their hand. Even if they had mastered the score, it was not an easy task.

Not only Su from China but also Miles from America and Matthew from Europe remained silent, as if they had no other options.

At that moment, only one person furrowed his brow, deep in thought.

“Maestro, can I completely change the formation?”

Kang Hyun looked at the members as if he were a general going into battle.