---
title: Chapter 151
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:31
tags:
---


"One contestant has already withdrawn."

Spencer's cheek twitched. It was an unexpected result. He never imagined that someone would declare their withdrawal right after the first audition.

Did they withdraw because they lacked skills? Not a chance. The young conductors selected by Spencer were all next-generation maestros representing their respective countries.

"Maestro, the members were shocked, but the conductors must have been even more shocked."

Dmitri added, as if he couldn't help it. Spencer nodded briefly. It wasn't wrong. He himself couldn't hide his surprise after seeing Kang Hyun's conduct.

The way he gave orders to the members and rearranged the ensemble was like watching a movie. Even renowned maestros wouldn't have been able to act so decisively right away. It was enough to send chills down one's spine.

"Still, I didn't expect Mr. Su to withdraw. Isn't he known for his strong pride as a conductor?"

"It's not just his pride. From what I hear, even the principal members of most philharmonics don't want to engage in a battle of nerves with Su. His pride is as strong as his tenacity. Even as a guest conductor, his pride is so strong that it's indescribable. Maybe that's why he gave up."

Dmitri understood the hidden meaning in the maestro's words. Although it was only the first audition, Kang Hyun's abilities as a conductor were clearly evident.

Even the members of the London Symphony, considered one of the world's best orchestras for many years, couldn't hide their surprise. How much more shocking must it have been for a fellow conductor?

"Hyun has grown much more than before."

"Yes, it's true. Honestly, I couldn't believe it when I saw him rearranging the ensemble so skillfully. I never imagined he would change so quickly."

When he was learning to conduct with the London Symphony, he wasn't at this level. He was undoubtedly outstanding even then, but he didn't have this kind of maturity.

However, the Hyun who showed up at the first audition seemed like a maestro with many years of conducting experience.

Hyun, who had already blossomed as a violinist, was now also blossoming as a conductor. Now, it was intriguing to see just how far his talents would develop.

"Dmitri, how would you feel if you missed a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity?"

"Wouldn't I feel sad and conflicted? For example, it would be similar to the feelings of the conductors who are eliminated in this audition. The royal performance holds significant meaning for conductors. Missing this opportunity might mean never getting it again."

"Right, I thought so too. But Su was different."

Spencer showed a peculiar smile. Su of China had left a message for the maestro when he withdrew from the audition, and that voice still lingered in Maestro Spencer's ears.

"I've found the path I should take."

* * *

"Are you joking?"

I couldn't understand it. Aren't we in a competitive relationship ahead of the competition? Musicians, in particular, are proud and sensitive. Moreover, my conducting experience was so short that it could be described as insignificant compared to Su.

However, the man in front of me didn't seem to be joking at all. On the contrary, his voice was exceedingly serious.

"Could you let me down first?"

Chrissy, looking embarrassed, released the grip he had on Su's collar.

At that moment, Su, who had been suspended in the air, calmly touched the ground, but his eyes were far from frightened. Instead, he straightened his clothes, paying attention to his appearance.

He didn't seem to like his crumpled tie and loosened it naturally.

"I withdrew from the audition."

"Withdrew?"

"I no longer have any interest in the royal performance."

As he finished speaking, he looked at me with quite a dangerous gaze. It was a look I had experienced before. For example, it was similar to the gaze of Chairman Wang and Baek Jeonghun.

"Teaching knows no age."

The nine tones of Cantonese were clear. When I understood without interpretation, Su nodded.

He even gave a satisfied smile, adding that the rumor about my language skills wasn't false. I wondered where he had heard such rumors.

"What do you want in return?"

It felt like a famous line from a popular drama I had watched in my previous life. Like the actor who asked, "How much?" Su's gaze was also intensely fierce. Anyone would think he was a chaebol heir, given his calm demeanor after uttering such a line.

I slowly shook my head. I wasn't lacking in money either.

It was then.

"I heard your father runs a company. If you want to expand your business in China, I can help. I didn't investigate it on purpose. I just saw it in your profile on the music magazine."

"Business expansion?"

"If you teach me, I'll give you a suitable reward."

I recalled memories from my past life. Although I was interested in classical music, I had never heard the name "Su."

It wasn't a matter of fame. I didn't know every person in the classical music world. Nonetheless...

"Is he really a chaebol heir?"

Or maybe he's from a high-ranking family in the Chinese Communist Party. If he’s offering to help with business expansion in China, there's no reason to refuse. But still, there's no such thing as a favor without reason.

"I'm sorry, but receiving such a reward just for teaching conducting is a problem."

"Is it because it's insufficient?"

"No, it's actually too broad. Business expansion involves numerous issues. Besides, you probably don't even know what kind of business my father is in."

"If that's the reason for your refusal, there's no need to worry. My family is also involved in many businesses. I can open any path you want in China."

I felt like he misunderstood my point.

Seizing the opportunity, Su invited me to his mansion. After much contemplation, I nodded. Chrissy drove us to the mansion.

After some time...

Huh?

A familiar landscape appeared.

Following Su's lead, we arrived in the suburbs, away from the city. The large iron gate, which I had encountered before, opened automatically.

Didn't they say this mansion belonged to the Geumwang Group? Su, noticing my curious gaze, looked beyond and said,

"This is my family's mansion."

I felt as if cold water had been poured over my head. If Su was the only son of the Geumwang Group, it was only natural.

Su, standing tall, entered my view. Only then did I understand why I didn't remember the name "Su." In my previous life, he was an ill-fated chaebol who died young.

After my shock, the large iron gate closed firmly behind me.

* * *

"I'll give you a week."

Spencer looked at the three conductors. Su's withdrawal in the first audition was unexpected, but Miles from the U.S. and Matthew from Europe quickly accepted it. That's how impactful Hyun's performance was.

"The three of you will conduct the same symphony in turn. The order will be decided by drawing lots on the day."

It was a short and straightforward challenge. However, the burden of conducting the same symphony weighed heavily. This meant that the skills of the three would be fully exposed.

Even the members of the London Symphony would undoubtedly feel the differences among the three.

Miles and Matthew's faces were tense. They never expected to be judged on the same piece.

However, they had no intention of losing. As they held the scores, Hyun's face appeared in their minds.

"Hyun, stay for a moment."

Spencer called out to Hyun. He had heard from Dmitri that Hyun had completed a symphony. When he asked Kang Hyun if he could see it, Hyun had said there was no problem.

With Matthew and Miles gone, only Hyun and Spencer remained.

"The format is unusual?"

"I didn't follow the traditional format. You'll be more surprised when you actually hear it."

Hyun seemed confident. As soon as Spencer received the score, he could understand why. The musical feast spread across dozens of staves was captivating.

Not only the orchestration but also the addition of parts in the second and fourth movements, and even the mixed four-part choir.

Could it really be true that such a young boy composed this score?

Like Baek Jeonghun, Spencer's eyes were trembling.

"The premiere?"

"I haven't thought of a specific location yet. After the royal performance, if it's okay, I was thinking of asking the members of the London Symphony."

Spencer cheered inwardly. If the other members also heard Hyun's words now, they would feel the same. The score was that alluring and mesmerizing.

Spencer wanted to gather the members immediately and proceed with the premiere of this symphony.

However, it wasn't feasible due to the lack of personnel. Such a large-scale orchestration couldn't be easily arranged.

"What is the title of your symphony? No, we should go to the conducting room and discuss it in detail. Do you have time?"

"Maestro, I'm sorry, but I have a prior engagement today."

"Prior engagement?"

Spencer's eyes were filled with regret.

A symphony holds numerous thoughts and ideologies within its narrative concept. However, all the composers of such masterpieces had passed away. So, he couldn't help but be excited. He was about to hear the interpretation of the symphony directly from a living composer.

But Hyun, leaving the regretful Spencer behind, added a peculiar remark.

"I have a tutoring appointment."

* * *

Su found the boy named Hyun astonishing. Regardless of nationality and age, he thought Hyun was worth respecting.

When exchanging musical knowledge, it felt as if he was talking to a professor rather than a peer. The depth of Hyun's musical talent was astounding.

"Master, Hyun has arrived."

He couldn't hide his surprise when he realized that the mysterious boy the butler had met before was Hyun.

At that moment, Hyun entered the mansion. His piercing gaze and confident stride made it seem like there was a halo behind him.

Only then did Su understand his father's words. His father had once said that while running a company, there would come a time when one would meet someone they would want to make their own.

"Mr. Su, did you complete the assignment I gave you?"

Su suppressed a bitter laugh. Wasn't it rather amusing for an adult to be tutored by a high school student?

However, when Hyun assumed the role of a teacher, Su could hardly breathe. Hyun pointed out each mistake with uncanny precision.

"It seems you've misunderstood this part. The beginning of the second movement doesn't represent a fierce and resistant melody. That's not what I meant in the score I gave you. Please reconsider and submit it before the next tutoring session."

The interpretation of a score cannot be accurately known except by the composer. The reason Hyun spoke so confidently was that the score belonged to Hyun himself.

Initially, it was unbelievable. How could such a young boy have written such a score?

Afterward, he felt the immense barrier of talent.

"Again."

Hyun played the piano to substitute for the orchestra.

Su, looking at the piano, conducted as if he were on the podium.

This was a common method in international competitions. However, Su thought Hyun's gaze was more intense than that of the judges in international competitions.

"Again!"

Whenever there was a deficiency, they started from the beginning. Hyun's piano performance was top-tier. He could have been mistaken for a pianist rather than a violinist.

His long fingers danced elegantly over the keys. Meanwhile, Su's arm trembled like an aspen tree. He had been conducting continuously for hours without rest, so it was a natural result.

"Let's take a short break."

"Hyun, let's continue."

"Mr. Su, just continuing to conduct won't improve your skills. You know that taking intervals is better for muscle building, right? Also, I won't be able to come for a while. The task for the final audition has been given. So."

The old butler watched the two young men with a contented smile. It was the first time he had seen his young master smile so happily.

To others, it might have seemed like an expressionless face, but the old butler, who had served the young master for a long time, knew even the subtlest changes in expression.

When Hyun, sitting at the piano, spoke, the young master's cheek twitched with delight.

"I'll stay here overnight."


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

