---
title: Chapter 159
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:39
tags:
---


“CEO, if it's what Kang Hyun wants, we will do anything.”

The voice was filled with earnestness. The face of the chairman of the Arts Center revealed as much earnestness as the voice.

The reason he visited Im Hyera so early in the morning was simple.

“Would it be possible for us to hold Kang Hyun's recital at the Arts Center?”

It was because he wanted Kang Hyun's second recital to be held at the Arts Center. On the other hand, Im Hyera couldn't easily give a definitive answer.

“CEO, do you think our Arts Center is lacking?”

“That's not it, Chairman.”

Certainly, the Arts Center had undergone numerous renovations and improvements to enhance its acoustics, which were once so weak that it was called the "Arts Bath House."

Moreover, the facility was equipped with state-of-the-art systems for instruments sensitive to temperature and humidity, including the installation of a pipe organ.

The seating area, which exceeds 2,000 seats, makes it the finest concert hall that leaves nothing to be desired.

“All the staff at the Arts Center will do their best for Kang Hyun. We have not only fixed the problem of residual sounds in the concert hall but also reinforced the design so that Hyun's performance can be heard even in the remotest parts of the third floor. To exaggerate a bit, we can confidently say it rivals Carnegie Hall.”

Im Hyera was well aware of the chairman's enthusiasm.

He was an ardent fan of Kang Hyun. The reason why the chairman, who knew nothing about classical music, became deeply interested in music was due to Kang Hyun's past performance.

Since the encore performance of the London Symphony, the chairman had been inquiring at every opportunity if there were any additional recitals by Kang Hyun.

“Chairman, we understand how you feel. However, it's difficult to give a definitive answer right now. The repertoire for the recital is still in its early stages, and Hyun hasn't decided how he will proceed with the performance. And actually…”

“Could it be that other places have contacted you as well?”

Im Hyera nodded silently. As soon as news of Kang Hyun's second recital spread, concert halls from around the world began to contact them.

From Boston Symphony Hall to London's Royal Albert Hall and even Carnegie Hall, almost all of the world's top concert halls had reached out.

At first, it seemed like a mistake. After all, it was just a solo recital, not an orchestra concert.

However, after listening to the proposals, everyone expressed a strong desire to hold Kang Hyun's recital.

The level of interest was unprecedented for an Asian violinist.

“It's not even an orchestra concert, just his second solo recital, and you've received that many contacts?”

“Yes, Chairman.”

“Wow―!”

The chairman of the Arts Center looked astounded.

Compared to the historic concert halls that have left their mark on classical music history, the Arts Center, which had only been built a little over ten years ago, was like a David and Goliath battle.

The chairman had been vocal about his wish to hear Kang Hyun's recital during his last term. But now that wish seemed to be slipping away, it was heartbreaking.

“Chairman, we are not unconditionally aiming for large and historic concert halls. The most important thing is a space that suits the performer's condition and repertoire. And ultimately…”

Im Hyera continued, reading the concern in the chairman's eyes.

“The final choice is Hyun's.”

* * *

“Oppa―!”

For several days now, Son Yooha had been visiting the studio. She always carried food in both hands, and her eyes formed crescent moons.

The aloof cat she seemed to be at their first reunion had turned into a gentle Labrador Retriever.

“Oppa, try this.”

“Japchae?”

“Yes, I made it myself!”

Her cooking skills were surprisingly excellent. Not only the japchae but also many other side dishes were homemade, making one think she was taking bridal lessons.

In just a few days of meeting Yooha, Hyun had gained 2kg, making him understand why people say meeting the queen of domesticity makes your waist belt loosen.

It was a fullness he had never felt in his past life.

“Oppa, I heard from Mi Hyun unnie that you've been getting a lot of fan letters at the gallery. Is that true?”

“Huh?”

“Not just fan letters, but there are women who come to meet you in person?”

Son Yooha's eyes were so intense that Hyun nearly choked on the japchae.

Indeed, after the performance for the British royal family, fan letters had increased significantly. They came from Korea and all over the world. Some fans even came to the gallery to see him in person.

Mi Hyun noona's joke about a fan club forming was becoming more of a reality, giving him a headache.

“Oppa, graduation is coming up soon. Have you decided which university to attend?”

“University…”

“Actually, I want to go to the same school as you. Michelle said that being a campus couple is really great―!”

Look at that, she must have been watching American teen dramas. Talking about being a campus couple already.

Son Yooha was such a brilliant talent that she could get into any Ivy League school.

I was the same, but the problem was that I wasn't particularly interested in any of them. I couldn't waste four years studying at a university instead of a music school.

“I haven't thought much about it yet. Grandpa seems to want me to go to a prestigious university, though.”

“Really?”

Son Yooha couldn't hide her disappointment. Knowing how hard it is to study alone in a foreign country, I didn't misunderstand her feelings.

“Yooha, should I play something for you?”

“Play?”

“Yes, you used to always ask me to play the violin when we met.”

I offered, thinking it might cheer her up. Understanding my intention, Yooha smiled brightly.

I took her hand and led her to the rooftop of the gallery.

At dusk, as moonlight seeped in, the rooftop of the gallery transformed into a picturesque scene.

‘Fantasia,’ which I hadn’t picked up in a long time, was calling out to be played.

Zing.

It was a glissando that resonated like a star gliding under a giant lake. ‘Fantasia’ boasted a serene melody like a mermaid’s song.

I loosened my grip on the bow in my right hand, feeling more like I was caressing the strings than playing them. The tremolo trembled like Yooha's heartbeat.

Zing.

The melody spoke of endless peace and love, without any special techniques or flashy high notes.

Like reading a lyrical poem, the melody was utterly comforting, and the arpeggio in the final note offered a sense of mystery and dreaminess rather than dizziness.

Although it was an unnamed piece, at this moment, it was enough to make Son Yooha’s heart flutter more than any famous piece.

As the bow slowly, very slowly, lowered to the ground.

Smooch.

Son Yooha stood on her tiptoes and paid for the performance with a kiss. At that moment, stars sparkled as the full moon poured down.

* * *

“Hyun is having a violin recital?”

The white-haired violinist Hirose raised her voice in surprise. The news was unexpected.

“Yes, Sensei. Although the exact schedule hasn't been set yet, it is true that he is planning his second violin recital.”

Manager Goro's words opened Hirose's eyes wide. It was the recital she had been waiting for over the past few years.

When Hyun showed his skills as a conductor at the British royal performance, it was beyond amazing.

His musical talent wasn't limited to just the violin. He had debuted as a conductor so brilliantly that the nickname "Little Maestro" didn’t seem out of place.

“He conducted so excellently that I thought he wouldn’t play the violin for a while, but that wasn’t the case.”

Hirose’s lips curled into a smile. After all, she had shown immense interest in Hyun since she first met him.

“Goro, we need to go to Korea right away.”

“To Korea?”

“I want to play the violin with Hyun. It would be wonderful to perform Bach's piece in a concert hall. The two violins mirroring each other with dazzling musical phrases. Just the thought of it makes my heart race. But to ask him, I need to talk to him in person, don’t I?”

Manager Hasegawa Goro looked bewildered.

The reason was simple. Hirose was a revered figure in Japan.

For her to personally ask someone to perform together was unprecedented. It was usually the other way around.

“Sensei, with all due respect, is it necessary for you to personally ask Hyun? How about I make the contact instead?”

“Goro, I appreciate your concern, but I don’t have much time left to play the violin. My shoulder and fingers aren’t what they used to be. My doctor also said that the time I can play the violin is shorter than the time I can’t. This is rather fortunate. I get to meet him while I can still produce some of the melodies I used to.”

Her white hair swayed, reflecting her emotions.

“It’s a golden opportunity to spend such precious time at the end of my life.”

Like the nickname “Queen of Strings,” she moved to give Hyun her final gift.

* * *

Achoo―!

Kang Hyun rubbed his nose with his long fingers. Though he had pulled the blanket up to his face, he still felt chills all over his body.

It seemed he had caught a summer cold, which even dogs don’t get. It must have been because of the performance on the rooftop the other day.

The school was in an uproar from the morning. From the homeroom teacher to the principal, everyone called to check on Kang Hyun’s health.

With the college entrance exam just a few months away, it was no wonder the top student at Jeil High School, who couldn’t attend school, was a major concern.

“There are so many things to worry about.”

After the college entrance exam, he had to proceed with the recital.

Kang Hyun had heard various stories from Director Im Hyera. It wasn’t just the Arts Center; concert halls from all over the world had requested to host his recital.

Although the choice was his, Kang Hyun felt more drawn to the Arts Center than any of the world’s renowned concert halls.

Just as he tried to shake off his thoughts and go back to sleep.

Knock knock.

A familiar girl appeared beyond the door, following the sound of knocking.

At Son Yooha’s sudden visit, Hyun sat up from his lying position.

“Oppa, are you okay?”

One might think he had caught an incurable disease. Son Yooha, with teary eyes, approached Hyun and supported his waist.

Meanwhile, Son Yooha’s gaze at Hyun, who was sitting on the bed, was unusual.

“Here, take this. When you have a severe cold, you lose your appetite. I made you some savory perilla seed porridge.”

“You know how to make perilla seed porridge?”

“Of course, I memorized the recipe just in case something like this happened.”

Though porridge should be simple, the taste varies greatly depending on who makes it.

Taking a bite of the perilla seed porridge Yooha made, Hyun’s eyes widened.

He thought that if Yooha wasn’t the heir to a conglomerate, she might have become a culinary mogul, as he kept lifting the spoon.

How could such rich and deep-tasting perilla seed porridge be made by a young girl?

“Eat slowly.”

“It’s so delicious that I can’t help but eat quickly. Yooha, you really seem to have a talent for cooking.”

Whether it was the compliment or Hyun patting her head, Yooha’s face turned as red as a well-ripened persimmon.

After finishing the porridge, Hyun got up and pulled a music score book from his shelf. It contained special scores he had created.

“Oppa, what’s this?”

“These are scores I made whenever I thought of you.”

Yooha’s face was full of emotion. The fact that Hyun had created so many scores while thinking of her was proof that he was always thinking about her.

Although there were no titles, each note on the score felt like a love letter, making Yooha's heart flutter.

How much time had passed?

Knock knock.

Once again, a knock echoed in Hyun’s room. His mother, Yoo Hyun-ja, carefully opened the door and entered, checking the room.

She had come up because he hadn't come down yet and there was no sign of activity. After looking around the room for a moment, Yoo Hyun-ja wore a soft smile.

“Oh my, how lovely.”

Her son, Kang Hyun, was lying down, and next to him, Son Yooha was leaning her face against his and sleeping. Both of them holding the music score book tightly in their hands.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

