---
title: Chapter 162
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:42
tags:
---


"Kim Saetbyeol, how is the Hirose interview going?"

Kim Saetbyeol raised his thumb without needing to say a word.

As a foreign star, it was difficult for Hirose to appear in Korean media unless there was a special occasion.

Known for her honesty, she didn't even need an interview script. She answered straight from the heart.

"Editor, Hirose-san praised Kang Hyun a lot, didn't she?"

"There have been rumors for a long time that Hirose is very fond of Kang Hyun. Didn't she even say on a Japanese broadcast that she wanted to pass her violin down to Korea's Kang Hyun?"

"Yes, and because of that, the Japanese right-wingers were all over Hirose-san."

"What can those couch leeches do? Hirose is already a hero in Japan."

The fact that Japan's great Hirose cared for Kang Hyun was well known. Early on, she had singled out Korea's Kang Hyun, not a Japanese artist, as the next great figure to lead the Asian classical music world.

"Anyway, it's amazing that Hirose came to Korea for a collaboration."

The editor, who had been in the classical music scene for a long time, still looked incredulous. Who would have thought that a Korean violinist and Japan's Hirose would perform together?

But that wasn't the end of the surprises.

"What? Original composition?"

"Yes. Hirose-san said she would perform Kang Hyun's original composition for this collaboration. She also mentioned that there are several of Kang Hyun's unpublished compositions."

The editor swallowed hard. It was no wonder since Kang Hyun's compositions were already well-renowned.

Esteemed musicians in the classical community unanimously praised Kang Hyun's first album as a masterpiece.

"Editor, speaking of which, can we manage an interview with Kang Hyun?"

"Of course I'd want to, but getting an interview with Kang Hyun is harder than getting access to the Blue House. Music journalists say that getting an interview with Kang Hyun is rarer than winning the lottery."

The editor clicked his tongue. There was no choice. Since his performance for the British Royal Family two years ago, Kang Hyun had declined numerous interview requests, except for one formal occasion.

If he were just an ordinary classical star, it would be difficult to maintain such a level of mystique.

However, Kang Hyun had the backing of Dongju Chemical, a leader in the chemical industry, as well as Daeil Group, and this was well known in the industry.

"By the way, isn't Kang Hyun a college entrance exam taker this year? I heard he did quite well."

Kim Saetbyeol nodded. She had heard that despite his busy schedule, Kang Hyun did not neglect his studies.

However, it would be difficult to expect standout scores in the college entrance exam. With tens of thousands of test-takers, standing out is like picking stars from the sky.

At that moment.

"Sunbae—!"

A junior reporter from Daily Q rushed towards Kim Saetbyeol but stopped short upon seeing the glaring editor.

"Is this a marketplace?"

"Ed-Editor. We just got a call from Park sunbae at Jeil High School."

"Jeil High School? Why?"

Kim Saetbyeol's eyes sparkled as the junior reporter announced the next headline.

"Kang Hyun scored a perfect score on the college entrance exam."

* * *

The mansion in Ichon-dong was bustling. With the delicious smell of food wafting through the air, one might mistake it for a holiday.

Relatives who usually didn't keep in touch, as well as various newspapers and TV stations, were constantly calling.

"Hyun, you scored the first perfect score on the college entrance exam, right?"

"Yes, Grandfather."

A deep smile spread across Grandfather's wrinkled eyes. My name kept appearing on the television screen.

The reason for the media's intense interest was simple. Since the introduction of the preliminary exam in 1968 until 1998, no one had achieved a perfect score. But in 1999, a perfect scorer had emerged, making it a major news story.

Moreover, if the perfect scorer had conducted a performance for the British Royal Family a few years ago, there was no need to say more.

"Son, you did well on the exam. Mom thought you didn't do well because you didn't talk about it. Now I feel relieved."

Mother's eyes welled up like a young girl's. Father, wiping his nose, wrapped his arm around Mother's shoulders.

If I had known it would be like this, I should have told them the results earlier. I was just as surprised. My parents' reactions were completely different from when I entered the law school at Korea University in my past life.

"Father, we're here—!"

At that moment, uninvited guests appeared at the Ichon-dong mansion.

Aunt had brought a lot of food. Yujin-seok, with his hair dyed bright yellow, followed weakly like a calf to the slaughterhouse.

"Auntie, please take this. You haven't had lunch yet, right? As an aunt, I couldn't just sit still when Hyun scored a perfect score on the college entrance exam. I brought some food, Father."

Aunt was a typical opportunist who would have thrived during the Japanese occupation. Not long ago, she had told me to go abroad to study if I couldn't do well in my studies.

"Who does Hyun take after to be so good at studying? Kang, you're not good at studying, right? He must take after Father. No one in our family is bad at studying, you know, hoho."

"Aunt, what about Jinseok hyung?"

"Huh?"

Father wasn't bad at studying; he just didn't have the money for tuition. On the other hand, Yujin-seok had grown up with ample support in a wealthy family but had gone astray. Aunt was reaping what she had sown.

"Jinseok is also studying hard in Australia. Father, I'm thinking of pushing him towards a diplomatic career. He seems quite interested, right, Jinseok?"

Under Grandfather's gaze, Yujin-seok quickly nodded.

Really, a diplomat? It seemed like they were dreaming too bright a future. In the future, Yujin-seok wouldn't become a diplomat but a con artist.

At that moment.

"Chairman Yoo, I've arrived."

Chairman Wang had come to the Ichon-dong mansion to congratulate me on my perfect score on the college entrance exam.

Supporting his arrival, the bodyguards who followed were carrying golden silk boxes filled with premium Korean beef and beef bone broth.

Aunt, who had been speaking recklessly just moments ago, immediately closed her lips upon seeing Chairman Wang. Grandfather looked at me and asked.

"Hyun, you seem happier that Yooha's grandfather has come than your aunt."

"No, I'm happy to see both of them."

"Your expression says otherwise."

Well, what more could I say?

"By the way, did I win this bet again?"

* * *

"Boss, it's chaos out there."

Kim Mihyun, an employee at Jeil Gallery, looked distressed.

"Mihyun, are all those people outside reporters?"

"If only it were just reporters. Fans of Hyun are mixed in too, making it a complete marketplace. The police have been called several times due to complaints, but it's only a temporary fix. Even though Hyun isn't coming to the studio today, they don't seem to care. There are even journalists lying in their cars like they're on a stakeout."

Sweet fruits attract all kinds of bugs. Kang Hyun was undoubtedly the hottest keyword in Korea right now.

Isn't Korea known as an exam nation? The fever for private education, which had waned after the financial crisis, was rising again.

Moreover, with the first perfect scorer in the history of the college entrance exam emerging, it was bound to be a big deal.

"Some reporters aren't even asking to meet Hyun but want to meet Hyun's mother."

"Hyun's mother?"

"They want to interview the modern-day Shin Saimdang who raised a genius of this era. Some publishing companies are even asking if Hyun's mother would write a book on her teaching methods. They seem determined to find out what Hyun eats for three meals a day and publish it."

Kim Mihyun shook her head. With the gallery on the brink of being paralyzed by inquiries related to Kang Hyun, it was understandable.

"Boss, the Blue House also contacted us."

"What?"

Director Im Hyera looked puzzled. She thought she might have misheard, but Kim Mihyun's expression didn't change.

"They want to award Hyun a commendation under the Ministry of Education's supervision. But the matter escalated, and now they're considering having the Blue House directly present the commendation for a better picture. It's not just because of the perfect score on the college entrance exam but also for his earlier achievements with the British Royal Family."

"The award presenter would be the Minister of Education?"

In the past, winning an international competition meant receiving a commendation directly from the Minister of Culture, Sports, and Tourism. The beneficiary of this was pianist Baek Junghoon.

In Kang Hyun's case, his unexpected victory at the Queen Elisabeth Competition had passed unnoticed, like roasting beans on a lightning bolt.

But Kim Mihyun shook her head.

"The Minister of Culture, Sports, and Tourism?"

"No, Boss."

Then who?

"Could it be?"

The President?

* * *

"Teacher, could you play the left-hand pizzicato a bit stronger in this part?"

In the Concert Hall of the Seoul Arts Center, two people were playing the violin together. Hirose nodded without hesitation at Kang Hyun's request.

She was Japan's top maestro, but it was only natural. The piece they were collaborating on was composed by Kang Hyun.

The two violins seemed to compete with each other, glistening on the strings.

The right hand gripping the bow tightened and moved smoothly across the strings.

The rich and splendid sound created a harmonious balance, with each melody filling in the gaps perfectly.

Although they had been practicing together for hours, neither of them showed signs of fatigue. The more they played, the more they seemed to immerse themselves in the music.

The director of the Seoul Arts Center was moved to tears by their rehearsal.

Finally, after the last performance, both of their bows lowered simultaneously. However, the strings still shimmered with lingering regret.

"Hyun, I heard you scored a perfect score on the college entrance exam. It's amazing that you're not only good at classical music but also excellent in academics. In Japan, we also have a national exam like Korea, but geniuses like you who achieve a unique first place are extremely rare."

"You're too kind, Teacher. I was just lucky."

Lately, people around me kept calling me a genius, making me feel like I was constantly on cloud nine.

In a way, it was an honor earned thanks to the opportunities and advanced knowledge from my past life. But the more praise you receive, the more humble you should be.

That's why I declined all interviews. Even if I did an interview, I would only give the clichéd answer of "I studied primarily with textbooks without private tutoring."

"Hyun, what will you do first when you become an adult?"

"I'll probably get my driver's license."

"Driver's license?"

Teacher Hirose seemed to expect a different answer.

But what I needed most now was a driver's license. Relying on Mr. Kim, the chauffeur, for every move was inconvenient.

Mother seemed worried about me driving, but hold your horses, I was a veteran who had driven safely for decades in my past life.

"Hyun, to celebrate you becoming an adult, I'd like to give you a gift. Is there anything you need?"

"Anything from you would be greatly appreciated, Teacher. In fact, the greatest gift is you collaborating in my solo concert."

This was true. I never dreamed that Teacher Hirose would propose a collaboration.

"Since you're getting your license, would a car be a good gift?"

"Teacher, that's too much."

There should be a limit to gift-giving. A car as a gift was too extravagant.

Suddenly, I remembered the bet with Chairman Wang. If I got a perfect score on the college entrance exam, he promised to grant any wish.

There were no limits in a bet with Chairman Wang.

So did I ask for a sports car?


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

