---
title: Chapter 163
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:43
tags:
---


"What do you think about the US trade policy?"

Son Yooha spoke fluent French effortlessly.

"Just share your usual thoughts on the matter."

Noah felt very out of place with the girl sitting in front of him. After retiring from the FBI, he had worked a few times as a butler for the upper class. Calling it butler work was generous; it was essentially the same as being a bodyguard.

Noah had met numerous upper-class people over the years. Stripping away the glamour, many were no different from the thugs of the slums.

"Noah?"

At Son Yooha's call, Noah nodded. After briefly explaining, he handed over the materials he had prepared to fill in any gaps. The concise and clear narrative was impressive, especially considering it was written by such a young girl.

"Did you expect me to ask such a question?"

"No, it's just one of the things I write about as a hobby."

Noah was convinced that if the girl in front of him were not the heir to an Asian fortune, she would have been scouted as the youngest recruit by the FBI.

Her exceptional language skills were just the tip of the iceberg; she had also studied principles of leadership from a young age, which reflected in her demeanor. Her worldview and depth of understanding were on par with most adults.

"You said you lived in England?"

"I lived there for over ten years, so you could say I stayed a long time."

"What does a royal performance in England signify?"

Noah shared what he knew in response to Son Yooha's question. Royal performances in England carried great tradition and significance.

Especially in the classical music world, performing at a royal concert was as coveted as receiving a knighthood.

"I know the young maestro who conducted at the royal concert two years ago as the youngest ever. In fact, I was a fan of his since he played the violin. I heard he's also Korean, like you?"

"Yes, I heard he recently scored a perfect 2400 on the SAT in Korea. The first in Korean exam history."

"Korea is truly remarkable. I didn't expect to find another genius like you, Yooha. It's absolutely amazing. I never imagined that Hyun, a violinist, would also excel in academics. I knew he was extraordinary, but still."

Son Yooha brushed her dry lips. Each time she thought she had caught up, Kang Hyun surged even further ahead. Kang Hyun was the only person who made her feel the wall of immense talent.

When break time arrived, Noah quietly stepped aside. Son Yooha took out a photo from her wallet and looked at it, her icy expression softening.

"I'm worried!"

The reason for Son Yooha's concern was simple. If Kang Hyun entered university, there would be different girls waiting for him.

She longed to return to Korea and cling to Kang Hyun like a magnet, but she, too, was bound to finish her studies.

Son Yooha tucked the photo deep into her heart.

"Oppa."

It was a memory that served as a strong support during her lonely life abroad.

* * *

"We've arrived, Kang Hyun."

He was stunned by the scenery outside the car window. In front of the gallery were not only journalists but also students in uniforms.

If he hadn't snuck in through the back door, he might have been blinded by the reporters' spotlights.

"Noona Mihyun, how long have the reporters been here?"

"For a week now, which is why I told you not to come to the gallery. If they find out you're here, the reporters will go crazy knocking on the door. Next time, we'll come to you, so stay in Ichon-dong or the Seoul Arts Center."

"I was getting restless. Besides, anyone would think I've committed a major crime."

It wasn't that he didn't understand the reporters' excessive interest. However, he hadn't expected such a large fanbase.

It was becoming a reality that Kang Hyun might need to seriously consider hiring a manager, as Kim Mihyun jokingly said he was becoming like Seo Taiji.

"Hyun, don't you think it's time to reveal the repertoire and venue for your recital?"

Im Hyera, the director, unexpectedly entered the studio. Her face was filled with interest rather than fatigue.

It seemed she was more suited to be a management representative than an art gallery director.

"It's fine to reveal the venue, but I think it's better to keep the repertoire a secret."

"Like your first recital?"

"Yes, since they're my original compositions, people won't recognize them even if I reveal the repertoire. It’s better to keep it a secret and build anticipation."

Like the first recital, the second recital would also feature a collection of original compositions.

Each piece didn't even have a provisional title, just numbers. Revealing the repertoire would be disrespectful to the audience.

"Once they find out you've filled the second recital with original compositions, EMA will probably rush to release an album. This time, their representative even said they want to attend your recital."

After all, the original compositions used in the first recital were released as an album, and the initial stock sold out in less than half a day.

The popularity far exceeded expectations, making it clear from the zeros in his bank account how much love he had received.

"By the way, have you decided which university you'll attend?"

"I think I'll go to Korea University first."

"Korea University?"

It might sound like he was just going to a local academy, but it was the pinnacle of Korea's college entrance exams.

There was even a saying: "To see the future of Korea, look at Korea University."

"Have you decided on a major?"

He had no intention of studying music in Korea, as he already had outstanding mentors in England and Germany.

Some had suggested he try law school. Given that it was the final goal of the college entrance exam war.

Having done it once, he was confident he could do it again, enter law school, and pass the bar exam as the youngest.

However, that wasn't what he wanted.

"German studies."

Given his lack of proficiency in German and his future plans to complete a conducting course in Germany, it was a good choice.

"But I'm not sure if I'll have enough time to attend school."

If he found he didn't have enough time for university, he could always drop out.

Im Hyera, the director, looked shocked at the mention of dropping out but, upon reflection, many famous people had dropped out of university.

* * *

The director of the Seoul Arts Center couldn't calm her excitement. As the date of Kang Hyun's recital approached, her heart pounded as if it were malfunctioning.

It probably started the day she first saw Kang Hyun and Hirose rehearse. Even though it was just practice, the two performed as if they were giving it their all.

She wished she could record that moment and keep it forever.

"Director, thirty minutes left."

A staff member threw cold water on the excited director.

It was time to regain her composure. This was the most important day of the recital, after all. The tickets were finally going on sale.

The director was very grateful to Kang Hyun. She knew that numerous renowned concert halls worldwide had sent love calls to him.

"Everyone, stay sharp!"

The staff's faces were tense. Understandably, as they had prepared more phone lines than usual and deployed several times more staff for offline ticketing.

Selling out the 2,000-plus seat concert hall was no easy task. Especially for a solo recital, it was difficult even with several days.

For example, a famous Chinese cellist once held a solo recital at the Seoul Arts Center.

Interest in classical music was low, and perhaps because he was Chinese, even after a week, the tickets didn't sell out. They eventually had to close the third-floor seats. With over 2,000 seats, there was no other choice.

But Kang Hyun was different.

Gulp.

From early morning, the Seoul Arts Center was flooded with fans of Kang Hyun. It was a sight rarely seen in the classical music world. Usually, young students didn't like classical music. Yet it was like ticketing for a popular idol group's concert.

"Five minutes left!"

At the staff's shout, everyone gulped nervously.

As the director watched, the second hand of the clock approached the ticketing time.

Not only did offline ticketing begin, but as soon as the phone lines were reconnected, dozens of phones started ringing like crazy.

* * *

"Ten minutes?"

Kang Hyun couldn't believe his ears when he heard the story from Director Im Hyera. In the first recital, all seats sold out in an hour, setting a record.

But this time, all seats sold out in ten minutes. It was unbelievable.

"The overseas ratio is higher than the first recital. People are going crazy trying to get even the third-floor box seats. The Seoul Arts Center is in chaos. They've been receiving constant calls and offline visits from people."

Even the third-floor seats, which didn't have a good view, sold out instantly. The response was far beyond expectations.

Moreover, it wasn't the era of online reservations. Only offline and phone reservations sold out the 2,500-seat venue in an instant.

"The Seoul Arts Center says this record will never be broken. The director was so excited that she stuttered on the phone, saying the phone lines lit up as soon as they were connected. She asked me to convey something to you."

"To me?"

"She said if there are any shortcomings in the concert hall, let her know right away. She'll try to match everything to your taste. I didn't know she was so passionate about classical performances."

Indeed, the position of the Seoul Arts Center director was more political than musical. It made sense.

But the current director was different. She watched the rehearsals with bated breath and listened to my feedback. In retrospect, choosing the Seoul Arts Center concert hall for the recital was a good decision.

"Hyun, by the way, you look cool today."

At that moment, Director Im Hyera gave a thumbs up. It had been a while since he wore a suit. He used to look like a student wearing his father's clothes, but now, with his longer limbs, the suit fit him well.

"Hyun, with a little more styling, you could be an idol."

"Director, that's too much."

"No, I'm serious."

Especially since there were so many female students in front of the gallery. When he showed his face through the window, they screamed "Oppa," making his ears ring.

It was unimaginable in his previous life. Recently, he had even been getting skincare treatments like an idol, thanks to Director Im Hyera's insistence.

Although appearance wasn't that important to him, it seemed it was for Director Im Hyera.

As a result, his hair and skin improved, which wasn't a bad thing.

He initially disliked it, but he soon understood why celebrities cared so much about their appearance.

"After today's broadcast, you'll probably have more female fans nationwide."

"No way."

"Seriously, Yooha will have to be on guard."

Under Director Im Hyera's escort, he got into the car. Both Director Im Hyera and Noona Mihyun, who was sitting in the passenger seat, looked tense.

He never imagined he would visit the Blue House, which he couldn't even enter in his previous life.

In a way, he had a deep connection with politics. Hadn't he worked tirelessly to enter Yeouido in his previous life?

Thinking about how he did everything to pin a gold badge on his chest made his face flush with embarrassment.

Crunch.

He vowed to live a life without regrets this time.

Before he knew it, he saw the place outside the car window.

He felt a lump in his throat for some reason.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

