---
title: Chapter 164
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:44
tags:
---


"Chairman, how have you been?"

Kim Sang-guk visits the grand mansion in Pyeongchang-dong at the beginning of every month. Ostensibly, it was to inquire about Chairman Wang's well-being, but the real reason was different. He needed time to provide regular reports to Chairman Wang.

"I heard Hyun is investing in IT?"

"Yes, Chairman."

"By now, his skills should have become evident. How is it?"

Chairman Wang tilted his teacup to his lips, a curious look in his eyes.

However, Kim Sang-guk only showed a faint smile without giving a detailed answer. It might have been a natural reaction since he was now an executive at VH Company, not the head of the Strategic Planning Office.

"Chief Kim, will it do to be so reserved with me? If this continues, you might not have a place in the Strategic Planning Office later."

"If that is the Chairman's will, then it can't be helped."

"That's why I like you, Chief Kim."

Chairman Wang showed a satisfied smile. He had never seen someone who didn't yield to him. But Kim Sang-guk never compromised his convictions in front of anyone. Especially since he started working with Kang Hyun, his whole demeanor had changed.

"Chief Kim, do you know you've changed a lot since you started working with Hyun?"

"Are you talking about me?"

"Yes, when I first saw you, you were as stiff as bamboo, but now you've become as flexible as reeds."

"Flexible like reeds. Honestly, looking back on the past two years, it's truly amazing."

Kim Sang-guk shared his personal impressions rather than business aspects. Chairman Wang's eyes sparkled as if he were listening to an intriguing old tale.

Most of the stories flowing from Kim Sang-guk's lips were about Kang Hyun. Over the past two years, there had been many ups and downs while managing VH Company.

"Initially, I didn't trust Hyun's choices. Instead of thinking of him as an owner, I only considered him a young client introduced by you, Chairman. Every time he presented an investment plan, he would casually sketch a blueprint for me as if it were nothing. At first, I couldn't understand it."

"You didn't understand?"

"Because the content of the blueprint was so outrageous. As someone from the Strategic Planning Office, it was a series of incomprehensible ideas. Initially, I thought it was just a child having delusions due to excessive attention. But over time, I came to understand."

Every time one of Kang Hyun's blueprints matched reality, Kim Sang-guk couldn't keep his mouth shut.

Eventually, when all the puzzle pieces fit together and Kang Hyun's blueprint aligned with the future, a shiver ran through his entire body.

The clear thing was that the child possessed an insight that experience and age couldn't match.

"It was the first time I had such an astonishing experience. But Kang Hyun continued to act as if it were nothing. From then on, I started serving Kang Hyun not just as a client but as the owner of VH Company."

Kim Sang-guk became even more curious about Kang Hyun's future. He had many experiences, but nothing was as thrilling as working with Kang Hyun.

From the gold mine of Chairman Barbara to the blueprint of the IT industry, it felt like being in a scene from history. What would the future hold? At that moment,

"He must have arrived at the Blue House by now."

Chairman Wang picked up the remote and turned on the TV in the reception room.

On the screen, Kang Hyun, dressed in a suit, appeared. He had an aura of a confident young entrepreneur, not the face of a student who had just taken the college entrance exam.

* * *

Little did anyone know that receiving a commendation through a live broadcast would be televised nationwide.

The national interest in Kang Hyun grew because of the commendation he received at the Blue House, but his current focus was solely on the solo concert a month later.

As evidence, melodies echoed day and night in the concert hall at the Seoul Arts Center.

"Please, one more time."

Kang Hyun's brows furrowed. The reason was simple: he wasn't satisfied with the piano accompaniment.

Although the pianist was a renowned musician in the country, performance skill and harmony were separate matters.

Especially because Kang Hyun's original composition required the violin and piano to push and pull each other in perfect harmony and contrast.

"Again."

Sweat began to form on the pianist's forehead. They had been practicing tirelessly for half a day.

Even though he played the notes as written on the sheet music, Kang Hyun couldn't help but frown as if the musical signs were wrong.

The harmony with the collaborator isn't something that can be perfected overnight. Particularly for sensitive musicians, it took even longer, so it wasn't fair to blame the pianist alone.

"Again."

This time, the pitch was off. The long fingers slipped on the sweat, pressing the keys deeper.

Now the pianist's face was filled with dissatisfaction. He was also a renowned musician in the country.

In terms of age and years of musical training, he was a senior compared to Kang Hyun.

"Again."

The pitch flowing from his tense shoulders was unstable. For a pianist, where the control of dynamics is crucial, harmony is absolute.

For the pianist, it was sheer agony. Keeping up with Kang Hyun's rhythm was too overwhelming.

In the end, the pianist took his hands off the keyboard.

"Hyun, I don't think I can do it. My shoulders and fingers won't move as I want to follow your rhythm."

"Can't you try a bit more, senior?"

"No, I want to stop. I know you're exceptional. But the more I practice, instead of blaming myself for my shortcomings, I find myself envying and resenting you. I think it would be better to find another pianist now. For a perfect solo recital, I shouldn't be the one accompanying."

The pianist shook his head as if he had already resigned. Kang Hyun couldn't persuade him anymore. He saw the firm resolve in the pianist's eyes.

Only Kang Hyun remained in the concert hall after the pianist left.

Finding a piano accompanist who matched him perfectly was as difficult as picking stars from the sky.

"Baek Jung-hoon."

Of course, if Baek Jung-hoon were here, there wouldn't have been this concern. But wasn't he currently in Russia learning conducting?

It would be rude to ask him to play the piano again when he was already on the path of a conductor.

As his worries deepened,

"You were really here?"

A familiar voice echoed. The concert hall door opened, and a figure slowly walked onto the stage.

Kang Hyun's eyes widened as if he had seen a promised sight.

"Senior Kwon contacted me a few days ago, saying he was struggling to keep up with your solo recital."

"Hyung?"

"I told you, I'm the only pianist who can endure your rigorous lessons. You should have contacted me from the start. Leaving a friend who matches your rhythm so well."

Baek Jung-hoon finished speaking and sat on the piano chair. At that moment, Kang Hyun felt as if he had gained a thousand troops.

Baek Jung-hoon gave a faint smile and signaled him.

Now, it's time to match their rhythm.

* * *

"Driver, please take me to the Seoul Arts Center."

The taxi driver glanced at the rearview mirror in surprise. The foreigner's Korean pronunciation was quite fluent.

Throughout the ride to the Seoul Arts Center, the driver couldn't stop praising the passenger's Korean language skills.

Adam Wishaw, the chief editor of Gramophone, smiled and chatted with the taxi driver.

"Do you have a Korean girlfriend by any chance?"

"No, I'm still single."

"Your Korean is so good; I thought you learned it from your girlfriend."

How many years had it been? Ever since Adam met Kang Hyun, he had developed a great interest in Korea.

Korea was once considered a barren land for classical music in Asia. At that time, Japan was the leading country in classical music in Asia.

But hadn't a series of unbelievable miracles happened in this barren land?

Starting with pianist Baek Jung-hoon, leading up to violinist Hyun.

Especially Kang Hyun's emergence was enough to stir classical music enthusiasts worldwide.

He had made a comet-like debut with the violin, engraving numerous melodies, and even conducted the London Symphony, making his spectrum indisputable.

No wonder Gramophone's first devil heaped countless praises on Kang Hyun's first album.

"Is there a special reason you're visiting Korea on Christmas?"

"To receive a gift."

"A gift?"

The taxi driver looked puzzled. What kind of gift was worth flying to Korea for?

"By the way, the road to the Seoul Arts Center is quite congested. Is there an event at the Seoul Arts Center today?"

"There's a very special performance."

A solo recital that would be etched in classical music history was about to unfold. The vehicles heading to the Seoul Arts Center were all filled with excitement.

Snow began to fall outside the car window. The beautiful snowflakes seemed to be falling to celebrate the Christmas miracle.

* * *

All 2,523 seats in the Seoul Arts Center Concert Hall were filled with an audience.

It had been a long time since the concert hall was this heated. The audience's eyes were filled with excitement and anticipation.

Judging by their appearances, it was evident that there were as many foreigners as Koreans.

The reason they flew to Korea was simple. It was to meet one person.

Not only had he ignited Korea, but he had also set the hearts of classical music fans worldwide on fire.

Didn't conductor Karas, known as the Empress of Austria, say that she felt as shocked as when she first saw Mozart's sheet music after listening to Kang Hyun's first album?

Moreover, this solo recital would unveil more of Kang Hyun's original compositions, so everyone was filled with great expectations.

"Reporter Kim, is it really true?"

"I'm telling you, it's true. Not only Hirose but also Baek Jung-hoon will be collaborating in the solo recital."

"Hirose is confirmed, but isn't Baek Jung-hoon in Russia right now?"

Rumors that both Hirose and Baek Jung-hoon would be collaborating in Kang Hyun's solo recital made the reporters salivate.

It was because it would be the first time in years that Baek Jung-hoon would perform as a pianist again.

"I heard that the CEO of EMA is also at the recital hall right now?"

"Is that reliable information?"

"I'm telling you, some people even saw him at the Gwanghwamun Hotel. The rumor is that he came to sign a contract for Kang Hyun's second album."

Journalists who knew how hard it was to get the EMA CEO to move were well aware of the significance. If he personally came to Korea for Kang Hyun, it spoke volumes.

Besides the EMA CEO, the audience was filled with classical music celebrities known by name.

From chief conductors of famous orchestras to world-renowned Chinese pianists and European violin maestros, all of them had taken time out of their busy schedules to visit Korea.

For those involved in classical music, their visit was an unparalleled honor.

Then,

Click.

Kang Hyun walked in as if escorting Hirose in a red dress. The murmuring audience fell silent at once.

Kang Hyun looked at the multitude of excited audience members. He understood why they were so thrilled. It was because fantasy and joy had simultaneously appeared.

'Teacher.'

They had become so in sync that they could communicate with just a glance.

The first greeting to the audience would begin with their collaboration.

As fantasy and joy faced each other and placed their instruments on their shoulders, it felt as if a breeze blew through the concert hall.

At that moment when the end of the black tuxedo and the hem of the red dress fluttered, the bow was slowly lifted.