---
title: Chapter 168
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:48
tags:
---


Gang Hyun Concerto for Two Violins.

The emotions on the face of EMA's CEO, Austin, were openly displayed. With both hands clenched tightly, it seemed as if he might burst into tears at any moment.

The reason for his unusually emotional state was simple: the recorded melody was extraordinarily beautiful.

Although it wasn't as moving as the performance in the solo recital, the melodies of Kang Hyun and Hirose were captivating enough.

Gang Hyun Violin Concertos No.7

Kang Hyun's solo performance was reminiscent of the reincarnation of Niccolò Paganini. Along with the accompaniment of Baek Jung-hoon, the dazzling and complex techniques of the Stradivarius violin had the power to make listeners feel dizzy just by listening.

No matter how hard he tried to follow the notes on the staff, it was beyond Austin's ability.

The more the strings resonated, the more Austin felt like he was sinking deeper into an inescapable swamp, chasing the melody.

"Really, this is maddening."

Austin licked his dry lips. Although the recorded performance had ended, he still felt as if the lingering resonance was suffocating his entire body. His hands were drenched in sweat.

The clock hands had already made a full circle, proving that quite a bit of time had passed.

Austin's Adam's apple bobbed significantly. He could understand why religious people of the past had called Niccolò Paganini a demon. To shake a person's heart this much...

"Maria, by now, this tape should have reached Germany, right?"

"Yes, sir. We've received information that they are currently reviewing the tape at Deutsche."

"This is something I've never experienced in my life."

Austin looked down at the small tape and clicked his tongue.

When Kang Hyun visited Korea, he hadn't immediately chosen between Deutsche and EMA. Then, out of the blue, he sent this demo tape first.

"Evaluate my worth."

It was a bold and ingenious comment.

Both EMA and Deutsche had left an indelible mark on the history of classical music recording and albums.

Many people had approached the representatives of these two companies, but it was the first time a heavyweight like Kang Hyun had reached out first.

People might think he was being presumptuous, but after listening to the recorded tape, their thoughts would change 180 degrees.

Deutsche's CEO, Simon Brühl, would likely think the same.

"Sir, I believe Deutsche will keep the contract amount strictly confidential. What should our contract terms be?"

"There's no need to find out Deutsche's contract amount."

"Excuse me?"

Austin, having listened to Kang Hyun's melody, no longer cared about the money. It was as if he had found the utopia he had been searching for since childhood.

As the solo performances continued, Kang Hyun's melodies grew endlessly. Austin was immensely curious about how far this growth would reach.

"Send them a blank contract, including all the details and the contract amount. We are willing to meet any of their demands, whether it's money or conditions."

Austin's eyes followed Kang Hyun beyond the tape.

* * *

"Is there any student who would like to express their opinion on the inequity of sentencing?"

The common freshman liberal arts course happened to be Modern Law and Society, offered by the law department.

At the old professor's question, the students stayed silent like mute fish. It was understandable, as the question was somewhat difficult for students in the German language department, and even for first-year law students who were still rookies.

At that moment, someone raised their hand.

"Oh, yes. Please, go ahead."

Kang Hyun stood up, receiving the attention of the room. Although he wasn't one to usually step forward, it was a class offered by the law department. Moreover, the professor's question was closely related to the third interview of his past judicial exam.

"The law is merely a tool crafted by human hands. Just as objects made by humans can have defects, the law can also have defects, and people will inevitably exploit those gaps. Just as there are a hundred thoughts for a hundred people, and ten thousand thoughts for ten thousand people, if a judge has a narrow view instead of a fair one, the judgments will surely vary."

"So, are you saying that court rulings are not eternal truths?"

"Yes, court rulings can always change, which is why legal systems like retrials and appeals exist."

The old professor showed a satisfied smile. He looked at Kang Hyun with eyes shining as if he had caught a big fish.

However, the professor's eyes soon filled with doubt as he checked the attendance sheet.

He couldn't imagine that the student who gave such an excellent legal answer was from a department other than law.

Just then, the sound signaling the end of the first period echoed from the speaker attached to the ceiling.

"Wow, entrance valedictorians are really different!"

Kim Daewoo exclaimed in a loud voice while putting his arm around Kang Hyun's shoulder.

At Korea University, Kang Hyun was already a celebrity. Since his entrance, everyone on campus had been interested in him.

Moreover, his outstanding performance in class left not only the students but also the professors in awe.

"Hyun, what are you going to have for lunch?"

"Sorry, I can't have lunch with you today. I have a prior engagement."

"Is it with a girl?"

Kim Daewoo asked with wide eyes, but Kang Hyun just showed a faint smile.

After parting ways with Kim Daewoo, Kang Hyun headed straight to a snack bar by the side gate, where his guest was already waiting.

"Oh, junior!"

Manager Kim Sang-guk greeted Kang Hyun, putting down the fork he was using to eat tteokbokki.

Who would have thought that Kim Sang-guk was an alumnus of Korea University's German language department? He had become a direct junior.

The reason Kim Sang-guk had sought out Kang Hyun since the morning was simple.

"This is the investment report for the investment proposal you prepared earlier."

"Why the sudden formality?"

"One must distinguish between public and private matters, sir."

Kim Sang-guk's face was filled with a rare smile. Whenever he worked with Kang Hyun, he felt a rush of adrenaline.

It was understandable. The puzzle pieces of Kang Hyun's blueprint were coming together one by one.

Initially, it didn't make sense to invest in a seemingly insignificant IT company, but over the course of a year, every company Kang Hyun mentioned had made a name for itself.

Anyone who didn't know better might have thought Kang Hyun was a fortune-teller.

As he ate tteokbokki in the shabby snack bar, skimming through the report, Kang Hyun was nothing short of a genius investor.

His ingenious and groundbreaking investment proposals were things even Kim Sang-guk, who had worked at Jeil for over a decade, had never seen before.

If one were to describe Kang Hyun in one sentence, it would be:

'The Midas Touch.'

Kang Hyun quickly skimmed through the rather thick report. Speed-reading thick reports had become a habit since his days as a prosecutor trainee.

At that moment, Kang Hyun made eye contact with Manager Kim Sang-guk, who was looking at him curiously.

"Why are you staring at me like that?"

"It's because our junior is doing so well."

"Are we done with the work report? Shall we go for lunch then?"

At that moment, Kim Sang-guk ordered two more servings of tteokbokki and extra liver with blood sausage.

"Junior, today this senior is treating!"

* * *

"Mi-hyun, did you receive this proposal from Germany?"

Director Im Hyera looked at the contract proposal from Deutsche and was taken aback.

It seemed Deutsche was determined to go all out. It was one of the two leading classical labels, along with EMA.

The contract amount and terms offered to Kang Hyun were so good that even renowned maestros would find it hard to receive such an offer.

"Deutsche called early this morning. It seemed like they wanted to contact you directly, but I think they'll call again after lunch. The person who called introduced himself as Simon Brühl from Deutsche. Is that correct?"

"Simon Brühl? The CEO of Deutsche?"

Im Hyera let out a hollow laugh. She hadn't expected the CEO of a classical label known for its high standards to call directly.

After all, when they attended the solo recital, they didn't seem that anxious. But since their rival was the UK's EMA, it made sense.

Just then.

"Also, director, the contract proposal from EMA just arrived."

When Im Hyera checked EMA's contract proposal, her eyes widened. It was a blank sheet.

She knew what a blank proposal meant. Moreover, it came with a handwritten letter from EMA's CEO, Austin.

The letter was simple. They would match all the conditions Kang Hyun wanted, but EMA would decide the initial quantity of the first release.

"How much quantity are they planning to prepare?"

Looking at the numbers in the letter, Im Hyera had to reread them to make sure she hadn't misread.

It was an era where famous domestic singers sold a million copies of their hit albums. However, compared to the initial quantity for Kang Hyun, it seemed minuscule.

Indeed, even in South Korea, often called a desert for classical music, there were many fans waiting for Kang Hyun's album. Moreover, among mothers, his first album released years ago was used as prenatal music.

"When the second album is released, it will create a syndrome."

Im Hyera prophetically stated.

* * *

Tap—

The sound of placing a Go stone was crisp.

Chairman Wang was staring intently at the Go board with furrowed brows.

Although he prided himself on improving his skills considerably under the guidance of a national Go master, he couldn't seem to beat Kang Hyun.

"You're playing at full strength, unlike before?"

"Grandfather's skills have improved so quickly. If I play lightly like before, I might lose."

"You cheeky boy."

The fierce battle on the upper right and upper left corners of the Go board resembled the management of a company. One careless move, and a few steps ahead, your opponent would inevitably capture you, just like in business.

"By the way, Hyun, is it true that you sometimes lose bets?"

"Lose? Me?"

"Don't you remember the bet we made years ago? You were supposed to take over all of Dongju's shares before turning nineteen. Didn't you find it difficult even with the help of Manager Kim, who is quite a useful piece?"

In a way, it was understandable. It was nearly impossible for a high school student to absorb a large share of a company.

Moreover, Hyun's large uncle, Yoo Bum-jin, though weakened, was still a predator. He wouldn't easily give up what was his.

Just then.

"Grandfather, if you try to take everything from a person who has lost a lot, what do you think will happen? They say even a cornered mouse will bite a cat. Preventing such misfortune in advance is the mark of a true manager, isn't it?"

"A true manager?"

"Big uncle has not only been demoted but has also lost his footing within Dongju. All the executives who thought he was their lifeline have turned their backs on him. If I try to take his remaining shares, he'll turn into a cornered mouse."

As Kang Hyun spoke, he continued placing Go stones.

"So, I approached him discreetly. By now, he probably thinks VH Company is a foreign company trying to take over Dongju. At first, he resisted, but when he learned that I bought shares from aunt and uncle, he accepted it. He believes the only way to get back at Dongju is for VH Company to buy his shares and control Dongju. He is eagerly waiting for that to happen."

Chairman Wang's Adam's apple bobbed. Although the black and white stones continued to be placed on the Go board, it seemed he was more focused on Hyun's story.

"Big uncle recently expressed his intention to sell his shares. He doesn't even dream that I'm VH Company. It took longer than expected to absorb the remaining shares."

Chairman Wang looked at Kang Hyun with a satisfied smile.

He had thought Hyun was treating his uncle leniently out of personal affection, but that wasn't the case.

Instead of trying to make everything his own, he coldly and meticulously calculated everything, which was quite impressive.

Then Hyun added.

"By the way, you know I'm not yet nineteen by international age, right? I understand that contract ages are recorded by international age."

Hyun looked less like a student collecting the reward of a bet and more like a proper businessman.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

