---
title: Chapter 174
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:54
tags:
---


Following the conductor's fingertips, an intense tension descended.

The members played heavy but calm melodies as if they were soldiers heading into battle.

The movement, starting with the largo prelude, was as vast as seeing a wide expanse of land.

The clarinet solo stimulated both eyes and ears, and the lyrical scherzo of the orchestra continued the baton.

The sharp and magnificent tone of the orchestra rose like waves following the conductor's fingertips.

At the end of the sweet melody, the grand march resounded.

"Maestro, you have a visitor."

Spencer looked up after finishing the rehearsal. It was because an unexpected guest had come to see him.

The gleaming eyes under the raised eyebrows resembled Spencer's eyes. The deeply lined cheeks and tightly closed lips even looked cold.

At that moment, Spencer stood up and greeted the guest.

"Maxim Ivanov!"

Spencer raised his voice with a deep smile. The reason why he, who rarely showed much expression, welcomed the guest so warmly was simple. It was because they were old friends who had learned conducting together and shared hardships.

Maxim Ivanov, the maestro from Russia, twitched his cheeks and hugged Spencer.

"Spencer, I came to see you while visiting England. In fact, I lost track of time while listening to Rachmaninoff's symphony. The reputation of the London Symphony is still the same. Concertmaster Dmitri seemed even sharper than before. On the other hand, you, Spencer, seemed more relaxed than before."

"More relaxed, you say?"

"Yes, don't you remember? Your nickname during our Royal Academy days. You were so strict and prickly about music that even the professors found you difficult."

Maxim and Spencer shared a long conversation that they hadn't had in a while. Among those who had learned conducting together in the past, they were the only ones who had reached the world's top level.

It was natural in a way. Becoming a world-renowned maestro was not something just anyone could achieve.

"I want to know about the violinist Hyun. I heard you have a connection with him."

"The violinist Hyun?"

"Yes, I have a student I'm teaching these days, and it seems like he's hitting an invisible wall. You know, in music, everyone hits a limit at some point. But it seems that this student sees the violinist Hyun as his wall."

Spencer listened attentively. He had heard rumors that Maxim Ivanov was training a student.

But he never imagined that Maxim would care so much about his student. Considering Maxim's personality, it was unthinkable that he would train students, let alone take care of future generations.

"Hyun is indeed an outstanding musician, destined to inherit the heart of the London Symphony. I can't express it any other way. His musical talent is so vast and deep that it's beyond my capacity to measure."

When Spencer answered without hesitation, Maxim's eyes widened.

Wasn't Spencer known for being cold and strict? It was surprising that he would give such a definitive answer.

Moreover, hadn't he mentioned that Hyun was marked as the successor to the London Symphony?

* * *

Achoo!

Was it because I wore a suit after a long time, or because someone was talking about me? The ticklish feeling made me sneeze.

The suit fit well since my limbs had grown longer. By the way, it was quite surprising that Barbara Chairman was hosting a meeting with the heads of large corporations.

"Chief Kim, which companies have been invited to today's meeting?"

Chief Kim Sang-kook glanced at the rear-view mirror and listed the names of the companies. The top companies in South Korea were all included. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that the entire South Korean business world was in motion.

At that moment.

"Dongju?"

Even the chemical company Dongju was included. It was quite unexpected.

Just then, the car arrived at the Seungjeongwon of the Jeil Group. It was a place for decision-making and major business meetings of the Jeil Group, and it also served as a state guest house to meet domestic and foreign VIPs.

"How can I help you?"

The security was strict. Of course, considering the assets of those gathered today, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that the whole of South Korea was in motion. Even Chief Kim Sang-kook's face showed signs of tension.

"Chief, are you alright?"

"It's been a long time since I've been to Seungjeongwon, so I'm nervous too. But, junior, no, representative, you maintain a poker face even in this place. I need to learn from you."

The grand and splendid interior of Seungjeongwon was enough to overwhelm a first-time visitor. But not me.

Of course, hadn't I visited this place several times in my past life? Not as a guest, but as a subordinate of the Jeil Group. I knew the layout so well that I could navigate it with my eyes closed.

At that moment, the security guard leading us stopped.

"We have arrived."

Entering the special room of the main building in traditional hanok style, there were already guests present.

The heads of the top five companies in South Korea, as well as my father, the representative of Dongju, were seated.

The heads of the companies looked at me with curiosity, and my father stood up with wide eyes.

"Hyun, what brings you here?"

Although it ended up this way, I couldn't explain everything here.

Only President Son Ilsung, representing the Jeil Group, seemed to know that I was the representative of VH Company.

"Ahem, Chairman Barbara doesn’t seem to be a polite person. I heard he knows that violinist, but to invite him to such a meeting? This isn’t child’s play.”

At that moment, President Kim Seong-rak of Dongshin Group glared at me with a sideways look. I wanted to respond, but what could I do? However, even though he spoke like that, Kim Seong-rak didn't leave the meeting.

Of course, to companies like Dongshin Group in Korea, Barbara Group must seem like a lifeline that can circulate a large amount of foreign currency.

At that moment.

"Chairman Barbara has arrived."

With the guard's voice, the sliding door of the special room opened wide.

When Chairman Barbara, with hazel eyes, walked in, everyone stood up without hesitation.

In particular, Kim Seong-rak of Dongshin Group moved a step ahead, ready to make a strong impression.

His twitching thick lips suggested he had prepared a speech.

Huh?

Could it be that Chairman Barbara didn’t understand properly because of Kim Seong-rak’s awkward English pronunciation? At that moment, Chairman Barbara walked straight towards me.

* * *

"The hottest album in the classical music world right now?"

Adam Whishaw thought of one album without hesitation. Hadn't it stirred up classical music enthusiasts worldwide since its release?

His original compositions were enough to evoke emotions in the listeners.

The modulated and colorful compositions had such rich melodies and sharp structures that each piece seemed to be composed by a different person.

It must have felt similar to those who had listened to Beethoven, Mozart, Rachmaninoff, and Paganini in the past.

“Adam, isn’t it amazing? The sales keep increasing.”

Adam nodded at the sales figures of Hyun’s album. It was precisely Austin, the CEO of EMA, who had predicted this.

Many people were astonished by the initial stock volume announced by EMA. Some even predicted that they wouldn't be able to sell all of it. But what was the result?

"EMA's strategy was spot on."

The initial stock sold out within days, and they kept demanding additional prints.

Not only in Europe but even in South Korea, a barren land for classical music, Hyun's album sold like hotcakes, creating a syndrome.

And what about America, the center of Billboard and popular music?

“At this rate, Hyun might break the RIAA record.”

Sharon’s excitement wasn’t entirely out of the realm of possibility.

According to the RIAA, the Recording Industry Association of America, 5% of the albums sold in the U.S. annually were classical albums.

However, Hyun’s album was breaking records since the beginning of the year. To exaggerate, it was similar to when the legendary Austrian empress Callas released her famous album.

“Hyun is nineteen this year, right? I’m really curious about how much more he will grow. Adam, what do you think is the album of the year?”

“The Album of the Year?”

It might be too early to say, but what’s the point of pondering it when the answer is already clear? It was unfortunate for other classical musicians.

The demons of Gramophone were already citing Hyun’s album.

* * *

“I would like to express my deep gratitude to the representatives of each company for arranging this event. I have long considered South Korea to be an ideal place for investment in Asia. Although it experienced a foreign exchange crisis several years ago, I believe it has the potential to bounce back soon.”

The CEOs of the large corporations smiled faintly at Barbara Chairman’s fluent English.

It was because no one had expected Barbara Chairman to be so positive in this off-the-record setting.

Objectively speaking, South Korea had not yet fully emerged from the shadow of the foreign exchange crisis.

At that moment.

“However, South Korea has not yet completely shaken off the shadow. The problem lies in the fact that there are still many companies that are unfit to be the growth engines of the country.”

President Kim Seong-rak of Dongshin Group frowned.

On the other hand, President Son Ilsung of Jeil Group nodded briefly as if he had anticipated it. He wanted to shout, “She’s talking about you” to President Kim Seong-rak.

“Ahem. Chairman Barbara seems to have misunderstood South Korea. In fact, the companies that were eating away at South Korea disappeared like a handful of sand during the last foreign exchange crisis. You can rest assured.”

How could he lie so easily without blinking an eye? Kim Seong-rak continued to fawn over Chairman Barbara to make a good impression. At that moment, Chairman Barbara looked at me intently.

“What do you think, Hyun?”

All the CEOs turned their gazes towards me. In particular, Kim Seong-rak continued to glare at me disapprovingly. Clearing my throat several times, I began to speak.

“I partially agree with Chairman Barbara. Banks have a fractional reserve system, which refers to the ratio of funds that banks must keep on hand to pay depositors. In a way, South Korea seems to have miscalculated this ratio. Especially, some companies might have benefited from abusing this system.”

I was referring to Dongshin Group. Kim Seong-rak's discomfort was evident.

But what could I do? Based on my past life, Dongshin Group would go bankrupt within a few years after the turn of the millennium.

Some rumors attributed it to Kim Seong-rak’s embezzlement, while others suggested that the government used it as an example.

Indeed, Kim Seong-rak was one of the rare conglomerate heads who ended his life in prison.

“I hope Chairman Barbara does not take this student’s words too seriously. He may be a famous violinist, but he is still just a student lacking in economics and management.”

Oh, look at this. Kim Seong-rak was intentionally belittling me. His guilt was evident.

“Mr. Kim, I’m afraid you owe an apology.”

“Pardon?”

“I did not just ask a mere student.”

At that moment, Chairman Barbara looked at me and added firmly.

“I sought the opinion of the representative of VH Company.”