---
title: Chapter 175
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:55
tags:
---


Snip―!

Chairman Wang was trimming the branches of an old pine tree.

Looking at the old pine tree, which was growing in a winding manner, he thought it resembled life itself.

Isn't it said that life doesn't go as planned? Plants were no different. Pine trees, which appear to be evergreen and uphold integrity and loyalty, are sensitive to their surrounding environment.

However, if these small branches were pruned like this, they would not twist no matter what wind or adversity came.

"Mr. Son, what are you so deep in thought about?"

At that moment, Chairman Yoo walked over from beyond the garden. Chairman Wang, dressed in hemp clothes, put down the garden shears and wiped the thick beads of sweat from his neck with a towel.

Despite being over seventy, he had a reddish complexion and sharp eyes.

"Old man, do you remember the first day we built the Seungjeongwon?"

"How could I forget? In some ways, you could say that thanks to Seungjeongwon, Jeil Group is where it is today. You, as the owner, would know better how many significant events took place there."

Seungjeongwon, the place where Jeil Group's major decisions and key management meetings were held.

It was a building that fully revealed Chairman Wang's values and was a cornerstone in Jeil Group's history.

"Mr. Son, do you want to visit Seungjeongwon now?"

"I feel bittersweet and relieved. Seungjeongwon was the golden tower that built Jeil Group's wealth and honor. I handed down that place to Ilseon. Looking back, it feels like we reached this point in the blink of an eye. Just as we didn't expect to stick together this long when we first met in the detention center in our youth."

"Of course, we didn't. Back then, both of us had fiery tempers."

The eyes of the two old men were filled with emotions as they reminisced about the past. It was like a king passing the throne to the crown prince.

"By the way, by now, Hyun must have arrived at Seungjeongwon."

"I never dreamed that Chairman Barbara would call for Hyun, as the representative of VH Company, no less. I'm sure Mr. Kang was quite surprised."

"It wouldn't just be Mr. Kang. The heads of large corporations must be equally astonished. On the other hand, I'm curious how Hyun will react. In some ways, he's like a young tiger thrown among experienced predators."

Indeed, Hyun had just passed his early twenties.

Compared to Kang Hyun, others were seasoned experts who had faced countless trials in the business frontline. There was an old saying that talent never surpasses experience. However...

"Mr. Son, I have a feeling that my grandson-in-law will achieve something big."

Kang Hyun possessed not only talent but also experience.

* * *

Kim Seong-rak, the president of Dongshin Group, furrowed his brow deeply. But when he met Chairman Barbara's gaze, he quickly erased his expression.

Anyone who saw him licking his dry lips might think he had bitten into a sour persimmon.

"Ahem. I never imagined that student Kang Hyun would attend this meeting as the representative of a company. I apologize for my misunderstanding. But may I ask what kind of company it is? Considering how much Chairman Barbara has spoken about it, it can't be a small neighborhood shop."

Not only Kim Seong-rak but the other heads of large corporations were also curious.

It was natural from the start. VH Company was a kind of investment firm. Moreover, it focused on potential future value, so until the business results appeared, those who didn't know might mistake it for a charity. It wasn't a type of company that typically drew the interest of large corporation heads.

"It's an investment company."

"Investment?"

Kim Seong-rak glanced skeptically. The other heads were the same. Chairman Barbara remained silent, watching to see how the conversation would unfold. Kim Seong-rak asked confidently.

"I'm curious about the company's achievements."

"We invest in companies with high potential value through internal capital circulation without accepting trust from individual investors."

"You don't accept trust?"

For a moment, Kim Seong-rak wore a sly smile.

"Haha. Starting a business from a young age is a great way to broaden your economic vision. Now I see that the student is not only good at playing the violin but also interested in business. However, money is scarier than fire. I'll commend you for not accepting trust from individual investors. It seems to show you have a conscience that avoids responsibilities you can't handle."

I wanted to get up and smack Kim Seong-rak on the head.

Didn't countless people end up on the streets when Dongshin Group went bankrupt? There were even rumors of a second foreign exchange crisis. Listening to his sarcastic lecture, I couldn't help but feel displeased, but what could I do? That man would soon spend his remaining life behind bars.

"By the way, Chairman Barbara seems to like student Kang Hyun very much. Seeing how she wants to give him experience, I feel deeply moved. Today will surely be a great experience for student Kang Hyun. Even if he's the representative of a company, it's still an unknown investment firm."

"Mr. Kim, you are mistaken. I didn't invite Hyun here to give him experience."

"What?"

As Kim Seong-rak made a puzzled expression, Chairman Barbara continued.

"The investment strategy of Barbara Group is simple. We recognize and select companies with future growth potential. The reason I chose Korea over China or Japan in Asia is simple. It's because there are countless companies with limitless future potential here."

At that moment, the eyes of the heads of large corporations gleamed as if on cue.

Since the foreign exchange crisis, attracting investments from foreign companies had become fiercely competitive, almost like a war without gunfire.

Especially for a company like Barbara Group, which was one of the top companies in the U.S., it wasn't even worth mentioning. Even the Blue House had been working hard to attract investments from Barbara Group.

It was then.

"As you all know, Barbara Mining, a subsidiary of Barbara Group, did not have a good reputation on Wall Street. Except for the Turpka region in Nepal a few years ago, it hadn't shown any tangible results. So much so that even the hyenas on Wall Street avoided Barbara Mining's stocks, which were hitting the lower limit every day. There was a prevailing opinion that Barbara Mining was overvalued, like a joke about being on top of Everest. However, there was someone who bought up Barbara Mining stocks at that time."

The heads of large corporations exclaimed in admiration. They knew how warmly Barbara Mining was now welcomed in the global stock market.

It was said that the golden Wednesday had returned, as Barbara Mining discovered the world's largest copper and gold veins.

"I arranged this meeting to get his advice. Not only did he buy up Barbara Mining stocks that were hitting the lower limit every day, but he also had a deep insight and wisdom that stood out among the many people I had seen."

"Chairman Barbara, are you saying that person is here?"

"Of course."

At that moment, Chairman Barbara looked at me.

Naturally, the heads of large corporations, including Kim Seong-rak, turned their gazes towards me. They all looked shocked, as if they had seen a ghost.

* * *

"President, here are the documents you requested."

Son Il-seon's eyes were filled with curious interest. The documents were related to VH Company.

Before Chairman Barbara decided to visit Korea, even Son Il-seon didn't know about the existence of VH Company.

When he heard the facts from his father, he was more than surprised; he was intrigued.

"Not only Barbara Mining but also various IT companies at home and abroad are known to be diversely invested in. The direction and nature of the target companies for investment are so varied that it's hard to pinpoint, but most of the companies on the investment list are still relatively unknown."

"Investing in the future, huh."

A few days ago at Seungjeongwon, what happened was nothing short of astonishing.

It was Hyun who made the massive investment in Barbara Mining, which was judged pessimistically even on Wall Street.

The surprised eyes of the heads of large corporations were still vivid in his mind. Moreover, what happened next was even more spectacular.

"He's truly something."

In conversations with the heads of large corporations, including Kim Seong-rak, Hyun didn't show any signs of being overwhelmed.

Rather, he seemed to be in a favorable position, even though he was dealing with people who had faced countless schemes and adversities.

Considering Hyun's age, it was unbelievable.

"President, as you mentioned earlier, Dongshin Group has contacted Dongjoo. It seems they want to connect with our family, not just business matters."

"Kim Seong-rak's eldest daughter is twenty-five this year, right?"

"Yes, that's correct."

Sure enough, Kim Seong-rak was unusually friendly to Hyun. Anyone would have thought he had a great affection for Hyun from the beginning.

That was understandable, given that even Chairman Wang, known for his high standards and strictness, had shown great interest and affection for Hyun.

Not only Kim Seong-rak but also the other heads of large corporations showed a desire for Hyun.

Crunch.

At that moment, Son Il-seon clenched his fist. His serious gaze shone like a beast's. Of course, he couldn't let his son-in-law be taken away.

* * *

It was on the private jet returning to the U.S. Chairman Barbara's face was full of a deep smile. The afterglow lingered as if savoring a richly flavored wine.

By visiting Korea, she had seen a new side of Hyun.

Hyun conversed with the heads of large corporations like a flexible reed that sways but never breaks. If his face was covered, it would be hard to guess his age due to his fluent speech.

"Tanya, if you were nineteen, could you show such composure?"

"For me, it would be impossible. When I was young, I didn't have the leisure to be so bold and calm. Hyun's appearance reminded me of the king of deer from the Talmud. That saying about a young appearance hiding an old man's ocean inside fits perfectly."

It wasn't an exaggeration. However, recalling Hyun's appearance during the heated debates with the heads of large corporations at Seungjeongwon, it was far from an overstatement. If anything, she wanted to scout Hyun as an executive for Barbara Group.

"Hyun's investment direction is truly impressive. I've talked with many geniuses who came to America dreaming of the American Dream, but it was a new kind of shock. It was as if he had a foresight into the future."

Barbara was constantly amazed by Hyun's words.

To someone who didn't know, it might sound like a wild story, but Hyun's investment blueprint seemed to pierce the future.

"By now, Korean companies must be in an uproar over Hyun."

The reason for the uproar among Korean companies was simple.

At Seungjeongwon, Chairman Barbara had thrown a significant proposition. She would entrust the future investment direction of Barbara Group in Korea entirely to Kang Hyun, the representative of VH Company.

Surely, not only the large corporations but even the Blue House would have to move to seek Hyun's advice.

"Tanya, what do you think will happen if Hyun gains a lot of experience in the future?"

"Chairman Barbara, if that happens, there will be no one in Asia to match Hyun. However, I believe Hyun will try to avoid revealing himself."

"Avoid revealing himself, huh."

Indeed, looking at Hyun's past, it wasn't wrong. Despite his significant presence in VH Company and classical music, he had avoided showing himself. It was as if he was detached from worldly affairs.

At that moment, the night view of Seoul appeared outside the plane window.

"Tanya, doesn't it look small?"

"Sorry?"

"To hide Hyun, Korea seems smaller than ever."

Barbara smiled deeply towards the night view of Seoul.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

