---
title: Chapter 179
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:59
tags:
---


"크으―!"

Kim Dohyun PD let out a pure exclamation. The documentary footage he encountered in the editing room was nothing short of a scene from a romance movie.

As proven in the past at a British royal performance, Kang Hyun's appearance was impeccably neat. Wasn't the entire nation of Korea abuzz with the appearance of the young maestro in a tailcoat several years ago?

"He's really handsome."

It was no exaggeration to say that a flower bud had blossomed. If he looked like a beautiful boy at the British royal performance, now he had fully grown into a handsome young man.

With his suddenly taller height, broad shoulders, and eyes filled with melancholy, his profile was like a piece of art, enough to captivate countless hearts.

It's no wonder he's called the idol of the classical music world.

"Sunbae, what are you doing here at this hour?"

"Can't you see? I'm editing."

"What's going on? It's rare for you to stay and work."

The junior PD looked at Kim Dohyun with surprised eyes. It was understandable since Kim Dohyun was known for his cunning in the current affairs and culture team.

What's more, given the nature of documentaries, there was less to edit compared to entertainment programs, making him one of the few in the entertainment department who usually left work on time.

"Wow, is this Kang Hyun? He looks way better on video than in photos."

"Don't even mention it. His appearance might be delicate, but his charisma is no joke."

"Charisma?"

The word 'aura' would be more appropriate.

Everyone who had met Kang Hyun in person said in unison that beyond his good looks, the depth felt in his gaze and speech was extraordinary.

Kim Dohyun agreed. Meeting Kang Hyun in person, he found him to be a much more intriguing and mysterious individual.

Gulp.

At that moment, Kim Dohyun PD's throat moved significantly. His eyes were focused on the monitor as if watching the highlight of a movie. The junior PD also settled in and stared intently at the monitor.

On the small screen, there was a vivid scene of Kang Hyun conducting an orchestra, even pinpointing the mistakes of the orchestra members.

Every scene featuring Kang Hyun was a masterpiece, requiring no editing.

Violin.

It was the first time he had seen a man look so cool holding an instrument.

The seamless flow of his posture made both PDs simultaneously exclaim in admiration.

Following this, his stern correction of a violin member's mistake only added to his endless charm.

At that moment, both the junior PD and Kim Dohyun instinctively felt it. If this aired, the ratings would be through the roof.

* * *

Tak!

The sound of a black stone placing on a Go board resonated sharply.

"Where have all your skills gone?"

It had been a long time since he played Go with Chairman Wang. The old man's face brightened like a child. It seemed the game was going as he had planned.

Then it happened.

"No way."

A white stone captured a large group of black stones, turning the game around instantly. Chairman Wang's brows furrowed instantly.

It was no wonder, given the advanced software, his Go skills were semi-professional. Chairman Wang, who had been coached by a national master, couldn't understand it.

"All you do is eat and play Go, how can this be?"

"It's because of my natural talent. Grandfather, your skills have improved a lot too. At this rate, I might lose."

"You rascal, don't tease your grandfather. It would be quite an interesting match if I set you up with Master Cho. If you win today, I will arrange it."

He was referring to the top player in the Korean Go world.

On the other hand, he was curious about his Go skills. As a Go enthusiast, exchanging moves with top-tier players, who were referred to as war gods, would be an honor for the family.

"Then I won't hold back from now on."

"What?"

As soon as the black stone was placed, the white stone followed immediately.

Wasn't his body already specialized in reading moves? Chairman Wang seemed bewildered by the sudden increase in speed but soon gave up and let go of the black stone.

"You light up like fire when you hear Master Cho's name."

"Anyone who loves Go would want to meet him at least once."

"You cheeky rascal, not losing even once to your grandfather."

Despite his words, Chairman Wang wore a faint smile. Of course, if he played Go half-heartedly, he would only get scolded.

"These days, Manager Kim seems quite happy."

"Manager Kim Sang-guk?"

"Yes, he's quite different from when he was in the Strategy Planning Office. Not only has he become more gentle, but his thinking has also deepened. Who should we thank for that? Even your grandfather wants to know the secret."

It was high praise. In comparison, it was only natural. Compared to Chairman Wang, who founded Daeil Group, he was still a fledgling.

"By the way, Yooha will be returning to Korea soon."

"Yooha?"

"Yes, she wanted to study in Korea during her vacation instead of staying in the U.S., so I allowed it. She also said she wants to attend the performance you're conducting."

The mention of Yooha returning to Korea made my heart race involuntarily.

"Why is your face turning red?"

"Pardon?"

Turning red, no way. As I quickly touched my cheek, the old man looked at me with a mischievous expression. Ah, I fell for it.

"Hyun, I've heard from Judge Jung that you have quite a vast knowledge of law."

Judge Jung?

Who could he be referring to?

"The professor who teaches legal studies at Korea University. He's an old friend of your grandfather, and we meet occasionally."

"Professor Jung?"

"Yes, he said that your knowledge of law is so extensive that ordinary law students can't compare. He even told me he wants to nurture you as a legal professional."

I never imagined the old professor of legal studies and Chairman Wang knew each other. Just how far does his network extend? Even though he seems gentle, he can't hide the cunning of the old man.

But in this life, no matter what, I had no intention of becoming a legal professional.

"Your grandfather has a legal question."

If he had a legal question, he could just consult the legal team at Daeil Group.

There, former Supreme Court justices and numerous lawyers who receive special treatment were as numerous as crayons in a rainbow.

As I took a sip of water, Chairman Wang asked me an unexpected question.

"Can a minor have an engagement ceremony?"

Unknowingly, I spat out the water.

* * *

"What's the difference between Kang Hyun and Baek Junghoon?"

The face of the concertmaster of the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra showed signs of deep thought. It seemed he hadn't expected such a question from the filming team.

At that moment, Kim Dohyun PD interjected.

"The viewers don't have the chance to meet Kang Hyun and Baek Junghoon in person. They're very curious about their real personalities and how they are on stage. I'm sure the orchestra members, who interact with them regularly, have some insights. If you prefer, we can keep you anonymous. Just think of it as talking to a friend and feel free to share."

The concertmaster, who spoke without hesitation, finally started to speak after some contemplation.

"I'll start with Baek Junghoon. In private, we have a hyung-dongsaeng relationship. Junghoon has been famous as a pianist for a long time and has often performed with our Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra. As a pianist, Baek Junghoon was like a noble crane."

"A noble crane?"

"Yes, his performances were elegant and dignified. Not only was he naturally talented, but his efforts were also beyond imagination. It's no wonder he was called the next great pianist in Korea at such a young age. Many still remember and miss Baek Junghoon as a pianist. However, as a conductor, Baek Junghoon was quite unexpected."

Intrigued, the PD leaned in.

"It was as if he was honed to be cold. I don't mean that in a bad way. It means his musical personality has changed. In the past, he was gentle, but now he's very sharp. Honestly, I never expected him to have such great talent as a conductor. At the same time, I wondered how much effort he must have put in to reach that level in just a few years. I could never achieve what Junghoon has, even if I were to die and be reborn."

It was hard to believe such words came from the concertmaster of the best orchestra in Korea.

The concertmaster continued to share his thoughts on the next individual.

"I haven't known Kang Hyun for very long. I had heard rumors, but seeing his performance and conducting in person left me speechless. You know, Kang Hyun is only twenty years old. But his skill and experience are beyond what talent alone can achieve. What can we do? Ordinary musicians must have felt the same way looking at legendary geniuses of the past. There's not much difference between Kang Hyun on and off the stage. Even the principal players found him intimidating at first. His charisma and concentration on stage are unmatched in Korea."

"If you were to define Kang Hyun in one sentence?"

"Hmm, no matter how much I think about it, there's only one word to describe him."

The concertmaster thought of Kang Hyun's face and spoke without hesitation.

"A genius beyond reach."

* * *

"Are you filming today as well?"

I never imagined there would be filming on a school day. Fortunately, it was a 6mm camera handled by a VJ, not the large cameras usually seen from a broadcasting station.

The reason for visiting the school was simple. It was the day of the final exam before summer break.

"I hope everyone does their best until the end."

With the old professor's voice, the sound of exam papers being turned filled the room. Somehow, the final exam turned out to be the legal studies course.

The exam level was quite high, as I had heard. Some questions were beyond what a first-year student could answer.

But that didn't apply to me, so I diligently wrote.

As I filled the essay-type answer sheet with legal interpretations, I felt a peculiar sensation. The old professor was standing behind me, smiling contentedly. I should probably slow down a bit.

"Hyun, today is the end-of-semester party. Are you attending?"

"Huh?"

"Everyone has gathered except you. You should show your face at least once. By the way, who is the person next to you?"

As soon as the exam ended, Kim Daewoo appeared. Seeing the small camera held by the VJ, he widened his eyes and exclaimed, "Broadcasting station?" His loud voice naturally drew attention.

"Are you a friend of Kang Hyun?"

"Yes, yes. We've known each other since middle school."

"Then, could you tell us how popular Kang Hyun is on campus?"

Seizing the opportunity, the VJ asked Kim Daewoo a question. Kim Daewoo, momentarily nervous at the sudden appearance of the camera, soon showed his characteristic cheerfulness.

"He's incredibly popular. I'm the class representative of the German Language Department, and we've received countless requests for group dates with other departments and even women's universities, wanting to meet Kang Hyun."

"Group dates?"

"Yes, but Kang Hyun has never attended one."

At that moment, the VJ glanced at me and then asked Kim Daewoo.

"Does Kang Hyun have a girlfriend?"

Kim Daewoo, who had been speaking well until then, suddenly closed his mouth and looked at me. The VJ's camera was also pointed at me.

It had become an unavoidable question. What should I say?

However, the hesitation was brief.

"Yes."