---
title: Chapter 181
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:01
tags:
---


“Quite a large number of guests.”

It was the wedding of the eldest son of the Peace Group, one of the top 10 companies in South Korea, responsible for the shipping and shipbuilding business.

Perhaps because he was getting married later in life, the wedding hall, which could accommodate 2,000 people, was packed like a marketplace. No wonder there was an article about the enormous number of guests beforehand.

“Old man, in our days, we just had to offer a glass of water and bow to each other to tie the knot for a hundred years. Times have really improved.”

Chairman Wang's words, feeling a sense of generational change, brought a faint smile to Chairman Yoo's face.

He wasn’t wrong. Despite being born as the only son of a wealthy family in Chungbuk, he had faced extreme opposition to his marriage. Naturally, his wife was a maid in his parents’ house.

In the end, he had moved to Seoul with his wife, practically penniless.

Before acquiring the factory that Japan abandoned after the Korean War, he couldn’t even afford a proper ring for his wedding, and that guilt still lingered deeply in his heart.

“Even for Son Ilsung’s wedding, it wasn’t this grand, was it?”

“Of course, back then, we only invited the necessary people and held it at Myeongdong Cathedral. If we had done it too extravagantly, we would have faced backlash from the media, so we kept it relatively modest.”

It was during the time when the military regime was becoming entrenched. Companies that fell out of favor with the government would collapse like autumn leaves, even if they were large conglomerates.

Nevertheless, at Son Ilsung’s wedding, all the famous figures in South Korea attended without exception.

The scale might have been small, but the grandeur was truly remarkable, considering the Blue House's secretary's office even sent a wreath.

“Chairman, it’s an honor to have you here!”

The head of the Peace Group rushed out barefoot to greet Chairman Wang. Dressed in a traditional hanbok for the wedding, the head was extremely polite, almost like a new employee.

It was more significant for Chairman Wang of the Jeil Group to attend the wedding than for the Prime Minister to be there, which was understandable.

If you looked closely, even the heads of other large companies greeted the host and then immediately sought out Chairman Wang, making it seem as though he was the host of the wedding.

“This is why I didn’t want to come to the wedding.”

“Son, if you hadn’t come, how disappointed would the Kim family of the Peace Group be? I’m sure the Kim family’s prestige has soared because you attended their eldest son’s wedding.”

Indeed, Chairman Wang’s attendance at a wedding was proof that he trusted the other party. Chairman Wang's will was synonymous with the will of the Jeil Group.

It was difficult for anyone involved in politics or business in South Korea to completely ignore the Jeil Group. There was a reason it was called the Jeil Republic.

“Old man, what do you think it will be like for our kids?”

“Our kids?”

“I mean when Hyun and Yooha get married, what do you think it will be like?”

Even without the backing of Jeil Group and Dongju Chemical, Kang Hyun was already a renowned figure in classical music. Musicians from around the world wanted to collaborate with him.

Chairman Yoo spoke without hesitation.

“It will be the wedding of the century.”

* * *

Her long hair, almost touching her waist, and her prominent nose under her round forehead were as beautiful as a painting.

Her eyes, resembling a cat’s, gave her the appearance of a mature lady, but her love for tteokbokki and sundae showed a girl’s innocence.

“Is it good?”

“Yeah, it’s really delicious—!”

Her white cheeks puffed up, filled with food. I added that she should eat slowly to avoid choking.

I wondered if there were no snack shops in America. Even though it was the millennium, there should be some in Koreatown.

“Snacks in America don’t taste like this. The ones in Korea are really delicious.”

As if reading my mind, Son Yooha remarked while staring intently at the tteokbokki.

Who would think a child who eats tteokbokki and sundae so happily could be the heir to a conglomerate?

However, her naturally beautiful and noble appearance exuded a sense of wealth. Even the orchestra members whispered, wondering if Son Yooha was an aspiring actress.

“When did you get here?”

“I arrived during your rehearsal. I wanted to say hi, but I didn’t want to interrupt, so I just watched. You look cool playing the violin, but you’re also great at conducting.”

“Really?”

Son Yooha vigorously nodded, her mouth still smeared with tteokbokki sauce. She looked just like the little girl who used to follow me around, calling “Oppa—!” She was still smiling brightly, unaware of the sauce on her mouth.

“You’re such a mess.”

I lifted my thumb to wipe the tteokbokki sauce off Son Yooha’s lips, and her face turned as red as the sauce.

“What brings you to Korea this summer vacation? I thought you’d be studying in England by now.”

At that moment, Son Yooha placed her chopsticks loudly on the table. Leaning forward, she looked at me with a pouty expression, resembling an annoyed cat.

“Oppa, do you really not know?”

“Huh?”

“Of course, I came to see you—!”

Is this what they mean when they say raising children is pointless? If Chairman Son Ilsung heard this, he would be deeply disappointed.

“By the way, aren’t you getting any blind dates these days?”

“What are you talking about?”

“Last time, I saw one of your friends, the big guy like a bear, trying to set you up. Michelle said that in college, unlike in high school, girls would relentlessly hit on you.”

She wasn’t entirely wrong. I was popular in high school, but not to this extent.

College life was so different from my past life that it was sometimes overwhelming. The locker room was always filled with letters and gifts, and I received countless blind date proposals, not just from my university but from others as well.

Considering that marriages in my past life were arranged by matchmakers, the difference was night and day.

“Still, I’m confident.”

Huh?

“I’m confident I can win against all the girls who hit on you.”

It wasn’t baseless confidence. Son Yooha’s beauty was blooming more and more each day.

Even considering her as the Ice Queen from my past life, she was still stunning. Even in her forties, Son Yooha, the president of Jeil Trading, possessed elegance that rivaled that of many actresses. Moreover, her philanthropic deeds were so outstanding that she was once named the most beautiful female CEO in the world by Forbes.

At that moment,

Click.

With a squeaking sound, the waiting room door swung open. Outside, the concertmaster and the orchestra members stood awkwardly.

“Haha, we left some stuff behind.”

The concertmaster smiled awkwardly. In one corner of the waiting room were the belongings of the orchestra members. They must have returned after finishing their practice and leaving the concert hall.

At that moment, a violist asked cautiously, looking at me.

“Conductor, who is the person next to you?”

The orchestra members collectively swallowed, their curiosity piqued. Come to think of it, I hadn’t introduced Son Yooha due to the circumstances.

How should I explain this? For now, calling her my younger sister might be the best.

“She’s my girlfriend!”

At that moment, Son Yooha linked her arm with mine and answered.

* * *

“Mother, let me do it—!”

She must have become more outgoing in America. Son Yooha was already busy earning points next to my mother. The housekeeper’s face was also full of smiles.

Her mere presence brought a lively atmosphere to the once quiet house.

“Grandfather, how do you feel?”

“Yooha, you have such skillful hands. I’m sure Chairman Son is very pleased.”

“I learned this in England. My massage teacher was a petite woman, but she was very skilled.”

Who would have thought I’d see the Ice Queen giving a shoulder massage? As Grandfather said, she was very skillful, putting her weight into her hands.

“Yooha, why don’t you stay at Grandfather’s house in Korea? There are many empty rooms in my house.”

“Would my grandfather allow that?”

“Haha, that’s true. Chairman Son wouldn’t stay quiet. Then how about sending Hyun to Pyeongchang-dong and having you come to Ichon-dong?”

“I was going to suggest that myself. It seems Grandfather and I think alike!”

Grandfather, who usually didn’t joke around, seemed to enjoy Yooha’s massage quite a bit. Yooha also got along well with Grandfather, as if they were having a comedy duo act. Father’s face was also filled with a bright smile.

Feeling a burning thirst, I got up and headed to the kitchen.

It was when I was drinking a cup of water.

“Honey, should we make a little sister for Hyun?”

I almost spat out the water. My sensitive ears picked up Father’s subtle suggestion to Mother about having a little sister for me.

* * *

Perhaps because the documentary had aired, even those who usually had no interest in classical music were doing their best to get tickets.

The Seoul Arts Center Concert Hall was bustling with people, perfectly fitting the term "crowded."

“Two conductors for the same piece. What do you think, Vasily?”

“I’m curious about this conductor named Jung-hoon, who was personally taught by Maestro Maxim. It seems he’s already made a name for himself as a guest conductor in Russia.”

“Don’t get me started. While you were in Europe, all the symphony orchestras in Russia underwent his ‘iron-blooded’ conducting.”

“Iron-blooded?”

The audience was filled with what appeared to be Russian conductors.

No wonder, as it was the appearance of the beloved disciple of Maxim Ivanov, known as the maestro and a giant in Russia.

Moreover, Hyun, who had garnered immense attention among classical musicians as the "reincarnation of Mozart" following his performance at the British Royal Concert, was about to take the stage.

“Adam, doesn’t it feel like watching Callas’s performance?”

“Empress Callas?”

“Yes, the performance of Empress Callas at Carnegie Hall in 1983. Back then, world-renowned conductors also flocked to Carnegie Hall. Look over there, even Vasily, who is active in Northern Europe, has come to Korea. I heard he has a performance next month.”

Not only did the chief editors of Gramophone visit the concert hall, but the audience was also filled with famous musicians whose names would be recognizable.

That’s how much Kang Hyun and Baek Jung-hoon were rising stars in the classical music world.

“It looks like it’s about to start.”

As Adam mentioned, the orchestra members were taking the stage. They were sitting in their respective positions, adjusting their instruments.

The eyes of European musicians were all focused on Korea's top symphony orchestra.

Gulp.

The faces of the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra members were filled with tension. The concertmaster was no exception. Although they were veterans who had performed numerous concerts, it was their first time playing in front of so many musicians.

Moreover, among the audience were famous conductors and performers, which made it even more burdensome. At that moment,

Thud.

First, Baek Jung-hoon, dressed in a tailcoat, took the stage.

His distinct features and composed eyes were not those of a pianist; they were those of a conductor known for his "iron-blooded" reputation during harsh Moscow winters.

Russian conductors active in Europe all turned their gazes to Baek Jung-hoon.

How talented must he be to have opened the heart of Maxim Ivanov, who had never taken a single disciple?

“There he is.”

As someone mentioned, Kang Hyun, also dressed in a tailcoat, appeared.

Could the sun be this intense? The audience's heated gazes seemed to scan Kang Hyun's entire body.

However, there was no sign of tension on Kang Hyun's face.

The concertmaster thought Kang Hyun must have been born with nerves of steel. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to smile so calmly in this situation.

Who will be better?

The audience murmured as if it were a rival competition, but Adam silently watched the stage.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

