---
title: Chapter 185
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:05
tags:
---


"Guru of investment?"

How should I explain this? There aren't any suitable words to express it.

"Secretary Kim, is the document I'm looking at true?"

"Yes, Chairman."

"An Austrian pharmaceutical company!"

Chairman Wang couldn't hide his admiration. Kang Hyun, who had been extending his branches only in the IT industry, had invested in an Austrian pharmaceutical company. He was as elusive and omnipresent as Hong Gil-dong.

Moreover, the deeper you looked into it, the more astonishing it was. Not only had he invested a significant portion of the development costs related to anti-cancer virus new drugs, but he also held a substantial share.

"Is there any other domestic investment company, besides VH Company, that has invested in Calvin?"

"None, as far as we know. Initially, Austria's Calvin was not considered an attractive investment target. Moreover, the domestic stock market's interest in pharmaceuticals and bio is still significantly low."

Of course, given that it hadn't been long since the foreign exchange crisis, South Korea was currently led by the semiconductor-driven IT industry, which was spearheading the stock market's flow and revival.

In contrast, the pharmaceutical and bio sectors had minimal momentum in the stock market and showed a passive stance towards R&D investment, making them less attractive to investors. Indeed.

"Should I call it foresight?"

It was as if he was looking at a Go master on a board, unable to fathom how many moves ahead he could see.

Indeed, he had sensed the precursors of the foreign exchange crisis even before it began.

Not only did he understand the foreign capital attraction policy of China, but he also immediately grasped that Daehan Steel would collapse.

Didn't he read the world's trends more clearly than most economics Ph.D. holders?

"Chairman, and as you mentioned earlier, Dongshin Group is also making moves."

"To get in touch with Hyun?"

"Yes, according to the information we have, Kim Hyein, the eldest daughter of Dongshin Group, has returned to Korea. Chairman Kim Seongrak seems determined to link Kang Hyun with his daughter by any means."

That sly fellow, who gave him permission?

Chairman Wang snorted. But Kim Seongrak couldn't help it either.

Anyone in business would be tempted by Kang Hyun.

If they had any foresight into the future, they would desperately try to make Kang Hyun theirs.

Moreover, isn't Kim Seongrak of Dongshin Group famous for using any means necessary to achieve his goals? Indeed, could young Kang Hyun handle him?

"Chairman, should we take action on our end?"

"Secretary Kim, there's no need for that."

"Excuse me?"

But Chairman Wang knew Kang Hyun too well.

That boy was a tiger in a fox's disguise.

"Let's just watch from a distance."

* * *

I shook off the water from my hair and picked up my school bag for the first time in a while. Today was a day to go to school after a long time.

Why go during summer vacation? It was because Professor Jeong from the Law Department had called me. He had shown a profound interest in me since I took his elective course.

"Let's interpret the legal principles of precedents together."

Maybe he thought I was a graduate student in law.

But since it was good to maintain a positive relationship, and I also had to complete Professor Jeong's elective course in the second semester, it wasn't bad to spare a day.

When I drove to the Law School of Korea University, Professor Jeong was already waiting for me with open arms.

"Kang Hyun student—!"

Anyone would think I had been studying law under Professor Jeong for a long time.

His office, which matched his image, was filled with various old law books.

There were well-thumbed copies of minor legal codes and neatly organized copies of various precedents by year, reminiscent of a Supreme Court storage room.

"I wanted to ask your opinion on this precedent."

"My opinion?"

"Yes, rather than the old-fashioned thoughts of an old man, I wanted to hear the lively thoughts of a young person well-versed in law."

Professor Jeong was not as rigid as other legal professionals.

After all, why did traditions like the hierarchy culture of the judicial training institute and preferential treatment for former officials arise? They stemmed from an elitist mindset.

The reason legal professionals disliked assessments of sentencing unfairness was in a similar vein.

"This is..."

As soon as I saw the precedent, my eyes sparkled. Wasn't this a case I already knew? It was one of the precedents I had encountered during my time as a prosecutor's assistant.

As I licked my dry lips, Professor Jeong approached with bright eyes, as if he had expected this reaction.

How much time had passed? It felt like I had spent half a day with Professor Jeong, endlessly discussing the legal principles of the precedent.

Professor Jeong subtly recommended again that I transfer to the Law Department. Watching me interpret the legal principles of the precedent, he couldn't help but suggest it. Maybe that was his initial intention.

However, I felt so tired after an intense debate for the first time in a while. Just as I was about to leave for home and reached the parking lot.

"Excuse me?"

A woman wearing sunglasses approached me. She was wearing a mini skirt that clearly revealed her body and had blonde dyed hair, looking quite provocative.

"Hello. I've heard a lot about you, Kang Hyun, and I was curious. I wanted to meet you once. My father insisted on it."

"Who are you?"

"Oh, I'm Kim Hyein."

I couldn't help but exclaim at the face of the woman who took off her sunglasses.

"Dongshin Group?"

"Oh my, you know well?"

How could I not know? In my past life, Kim Hyein was a suspect in a case I handled.

Maybe it was because she had lived abroad, but wasn't she quite aggressive? If I remember correctly, she was so paranoid that she even instigated violence against her husband.

I remembered her sitting confidently in front of me at the Western Prosecutor's Office. Of course, she had been arrogant, relying on the backing of Dongshin Group.

But as Dongshin Group collapsed, Kim Hyein had also ended up in handcuffs without fail.

"Then, we can talk, right? Can I get in for a bit?"

Kim Hyein gestured towards the car. Until now, only Yooha had sat beside me, apart from my parents.

"That won't be possible."

"What?"

Kim Hyein looked at me dumbfounded as I got into the car.

She still had a look of disbelief, as if she couldn't understand how anyone could reject a sexy woman like her.

But I knew well that her gaze was one that devoured men. As I stepped on the gas, I said softly,

"My mom told me not to let strangers in the car."

* * *

Kim Sang-guk was overwhelmed with phone calls since the morning.

Moreover, it was an international call, and the Austrian German with an emphasized 'r' sound was as different as our dialects. If Kim Sang-guk hadn't majored in German, it would have been hard to understand.

"So, the president of Calvin Pharmaceuticals wants to meet our representative in person?"

Of course, Calvin would be curious.

Wasn't it on the verge of collapse without a source of funding for R&D? It was none other than Kang Hyun of VH Company who had thrown them a lifeline.

"First, I'm curious about the actual results of the new drug development. Although we've received the documents, we want to hear directly from the researchers. There's always a significant difference between theory and practice."

Isn't there a saying about hollow promises? Calvin Pharmaceuticals couldn't completely exclude such cases either.

Moreover, new drug development often falls through even with a single mistake.

-In terms of the ongoing new drug development in Austria, we can say we've achieved progressive results. We've passed the 3rd test, and the clinical trial phase I/II has also been successfully completed.

The voice of the R&D team leader was full of confidence. That's because Calvin Pharmaceuticals' value had already surged in Austria due to the development of the anti-cancer virus new drug. The same was true in the international stock market.

-Thanks to your company's massive investment in Calvin Pharmaceuticals, we've achieved such visible results. As stated in the investment contract, your company holds a certain share of the company's stock and the new drug. Therefore, our president is very eager to meet your representative. We'll arrange the flight tickets and accommodation.

Kim Sang-guk's throat bobbed. It was almost like winning a lottery.

Of course, it couldn't be compared to a mere lottery. Not only did they hold stocks of a pharmaceutical company, but they also had shares in the new drug, making it no exaggeration to say they were sitting on a pile of money.

It was natural for the president of Calvin Pharmaceuticals to be eager to meet Kang Hyun.

After all, Kang Hyun was one of the key players holding the reins of the new drug's direction.

* * *

"Hyun-ah, do matchmakers still contact you these days?"

Director Im Hyera asked worriedly. It was understandable given the line of fans outside the gallery.

What about the matchmakers? Fortunately, revealing that I had a girlfriend through a documentary had mitigated it somewhat; otherwise, it would have been worse.

"These days, the calls have lessened, but there are unexpected people bothering me."

"Bothering?"

Who would have thought that Chairman Kim Seongrak of Dongshin Group would approach me? Hadn't we already had a confrontation at the Seungjeongwon? Back then, he seemed desperate to get the better of me.

Moreover, Chairman Kim Seongrak's eldest daughter, Kim Hyein, seemed to have taken a liking to me as well. Just thinking about her provocative gaze gave me chills.

"Oh, I'm planning to attend the concert hosted by Gramophone. After I return from Austria, that is."

"Why Austria all of a sudden?"

"I got an invitation from the maestro."

Director Im Hyera's eyes sparkled at the word "maestro."

Of course, when one mentioned the maestro in Austria, it naturally referred to Karas.

Wasn't there even a rumor that I was Karas's hidden disciple because of a photo taken in front of the Ichondong mansion?

From the look in her eyes, Director Im Hyera seemed very curious.

"I'm going to receive musical training. Honestly, how many opportunities will I have in my lifetime to learn from him? And I also have some business to take care of."

"I see, I've only seen Maestro Karas's conducting once when I was young in the U.S. I still remember it vividly. But what business do you have to take care of?"

Hadn't Calvin Pharmaceuticals contacted me to meet? I was just as curious.

Who would have thought that the company I chose based on its financial statements would develop an anti-cancer virus new drug?

Starting with the legendary Karas and reaching Calvin Pharmaceuticals, it felt as if Austria was calling me.

At that moment.

"Can I go too?"

Son Yooha had arrived at the studio without me noticing. She peeked her face through the door, her cat-like eyes full of anticipation for my answer.

When Director Im Hyera immediately said no, Son Yooha seemed resigned and nodded. Of course, she was still a high school student, so even if she understood, her heart would be filled with disappointment.

"Let's go together."

"What?"

"Let's go to Austria together. Director, you don't have to worry so much. Yooha is already grown up. She'll behave while I learn music. Right?"

Yooha nodded enthusiastically, as if she had never been disappointed. Director Im Hyera looked at us alternately, as if she couldn't believe what she was hearing.

Although bodyguards would accompany us, it was essentially like going abroad alone together.

At that moment, Director Im Hyera added a comment.

"It looks like you're going on an early honeymoon, doesn't it?"


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

