---
title: Chapter 186
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:06
tags:
---


“Maestro, are you excited?”

Doesn’t she seem like an innocent girl? Maestro Karas's wrinkled face was filled with a smile that had never been seen before.

There was only one reason that made her heart beat again after the despair of losing her child.

It was meeting a young man with immense talent in a small country in Asia, which was known as a barren land for classical music.

Dudududung―!

The young man's conducting was still vividly in her mind.

His conducting, as if engraved in her memory, came as a surprise even to Maestro Karas, who had experienced numerous performances.

He harmonized with the orchestra and captivated numerous audiences at once. It would be accurate to say that they couldn’t move until the conducting was over.

“The Master once said that conducting should have the power to overwhelm the audience. That power emanates from talent. In that sense, Hyun possesses immense power. He not only instantly captivated even the most discerning musicians but also gave a great resonance in their hearts.”

Surely, all the musicians seated in the audience felt it simultaneously.

Wasn’t he a musician who could still be considered young? But the resonance he gave settled as a great vibration in their hearts.

To some, it came as frustration and despair, and to others, it came as excitement and thrill.

“Maya, by the way, there are a lot of people at the airport today, aren’t there?”

“Not only our security personnel but also people from Calvin Pharmaceutical Company. It is said that a major shareholder is coming to Austria directly from abroad today.”

“Is that the pharmaceutical company that developed the new anticancer virus drug?”

Karas had also heard of the pharmaceutical company. Of course, the Austrian national broadcaster and newspapers had been bragging about Calvin Pharmaceutical Company's visible achievements as national achievements every other day.

A considerable number of people in suits were already waiting at the arrival gate.

Their expressions were all tense. One might think that even the Grim Reaper was arriving from beyond the gate.

At that moment.

“Maestro, they have arrived.”

As the arrival gate opened and the passengers who came to Austria began to appear one by one, Karas smiled brightly when Kang Hyun appeared shortly after.

The appearance of the young musician she had longed for was enough to make the old maestro’s heart race.

Moreover, Karas's face even had the kind smile of a kind grandmother because Kang Hyun was walking hand-in-hand with his fiancée.

At that time, the executives from Calvin Pharmaceutical Company who spotted Kang Hyun began to move busily, as if they were greeting their boss.

* * *

Suddenly, it felt like I had become a mafia boss. As soon as I stepped out of the gate, foreigners in black suits approached with urgent faces.

If Chief Kim Sang-guk hadn’t blocked the way, I might not have been able to greet the Maestro who came out to meet me.

After avoiding the numerous crowds and getting into the car, I could finally greet her properly.

“Hyun, it must have been a tough journey.”

Karas's voice was as comforting as a breeze by a calm lakeside. The kindness in her green eyes resembled our grandmothers quite a bit.

Karas looked at me, then immediately turned her gaze to Yooha.

“Your fiancée’s name is Yooha, right?”

“Yes, Maestro.”

“You two make such a wonderful couple. The more I see you, the more I smile. But Hyun, do you know those people we saw at the airport?”

How should I respond? When I said it was a business relationship, the corners of Karas's eyes narrowed, as if she had become interested.

“Hyun, you are truly mysterious the more I see you. Gustav was right.”

“Are you talking about Maestro Gustav?”

“Yes. Gustav said about you, Hyun, that the more you experience you, the more new facets you discover. I have never seen Gustav compliment someone so much. He is very frugal with praise when it comes to music. Except for you, of course.”

What kind of conversation did the two maestros have? Moreover, it was hard to agree that eternal Maestro Gustav was frugal.

“By the way, who is the gentleman who came with you?”

In the midst of the confusion, I hadn’t introduced Chief Kim Sang-guk. By now, Chief Kim Sang-guk would be meeting with the executives of Calvin Pharmaceutical Company on my behalf.

Should I say he is a subordinate? But how could I?

“He is my manager, Maestro.”

It was the moment when a future Prime Minister of South Korea became a manager.

Then Karas looked back and forth between Yooha and me with a peculiar expression.

“Hyun, when are you two thinking of getting married?”

“What?”

I unknowingly raised my voice. The Ice Queen, who always expressed her opinions, had a face as red as a beet.

Karas's eyes were filled with playful mischief.

It wasn’t even an engagement ceremony, let alone a wedding. After all, Son Yooha was still in high school.

“Maestro, I’m fine with any time.”

At that moment, Son Yooha spoke nonchalantly, causing Karas to smile broadly as if she expected it.

“We have arrived, Maestro.”

At that moment, Maya, who was sitting in the front seat, spoke. Seeing the scenery outside the car window, my mouth opened wide unconsciously.

It was a grand mansion that one might think was an Austrian palace if they didn’t know better.

I had experienced many grand mansions, but I couldn’t hide my surprise. Yooha, the heir to the Daeil Group, had the same reaction as me.

“Isn’t the house a bit big for one person to live in?”

A bit?

I never dreamed that Karas would make such a joke.

To exaggerate, it was large enough to accommodate a hundred people without any problem. Considering the ever-present security guards and housekeepers, it was no wonder.

In the center of the mansion was a large pond and a fountain with various sculptures decorating it.

It looked like a palace from a classic European movie.

“This mansion used to be the palace of a great Austrian noble. I bought it. This mansion has a secret.”

“A secret?”

“I hope Yooha listens carefully too.”

Karas said firmly, looking at the mansion outside the car window.

“Never open the door labeled Room 0703.”

* * *

“Wasn’t the scheduled meeting next week?”

Chief Kim Sang-guk’s fluent German flowed out. His sharp jawline and keen eyes made people tense.

No wonder. No one expected Calvin Pharmaceutical Company to come out to greet us.

“I apologize. We were eager to meet the CEO of VH Company as soon as possible, so we overstepped.”

The executive's face was filled with urgency. Others also had a determined look in their eyes, as if they must meet Kang Hyun.

Why are they in such a rush? One might think Kang Hyun was leaving the next morning.

“We will set the schedule in Austria. I don’t understand why Calvin Pharmaceutical Company is so eager to meet our CEO. If it’s about the new anticancer virus drug development, we have no intention of getting involved. Our intention was solely to invest. This is not my opinion but the CEO’s, so please don’t misunderstand.”

It was a reasonable stance. Who could have predicted that Calvin Pharmaceutical Company would hit such a jackpot?

There was no need to interfere with a company that was running well on its own.

Interfering with R&D would be like sprinkling ashes on the development of Gripen, akin to what Yoo Beom-jin and Yoo Beom-kyung did.

“The same goes for the meeting scheduled for next week. It will be a formal meeting, and the CEO will not interfere with Calvin Pharmaceutical Company’s drug development and marketing. So you don’t have to worry too much. Our VH Company is an investment company, not a pharmaceutical company.”

It meant they wouldn’t abuse their power. Calvin Pharmaceutical Company had already received international accreditation.

But why are the executives so worried? Chief Kim Sang-guk still couldn’t understand their expressions.

“It’s not about that.”

“Pardon?”

“There is another reason why we are eager to meet the CEO of VH Company. The person who holds the future of Calvin Pharmaceutical Company is none other than your CEO.”

What on earth does that mean?

“What do you mean by that?”

Although VH Company was the major shareholder, it didn’t hold enough shares to control the future.

Even as Chief Kim Sang-guk asked, the executives looked at each other nervously.

Finally, an executive who seemed to be the oldest among them made up his mind and spoke.

* * *

“Maestro, I will make you some Korean food!”

What a surprise, Son Yooha rolled up her sleeves and spoke.

I should have known when she packed kimchi, gochujang, doenjang, gochugaru, and various spices in her large suitcase. Moreover, her long study abroad had made her quite sociable.

Thanks to Yooha’s friendly demeanor, Karas’s smile never left her face.

“Yooha, should I help you?”

“Oppa, you rest. I will take care of today’s cooking!”

I wanted to guard the kitchen myself, but what could I do? Fortunately, the housekeepers were there to help.

Karas also watched Yooha cooking with a kind expression.

By the way.

This place is truly like a palace.

It was so spacious that one could get lost in the mansion, even if someone snuck in secretly.

Moreover, the structure was quite complex, probably to prepare for intruders since it was the palace of a great Austrian noble.

“It’s like a maze.”

Looking at the long stairs stretching to both sides, I was reminded of Hogwarts, the magical school from the Harry Potter movies.

Fortunately, there were maids walking around the house, so there was little chance of getting lost.

At that moment, something caught my eye.

“Maestro?”

To be precise, it was a young Karas. In a large frame that filled the wall, a famous painter had vividly captured Karas’s appearance with every brushstroke.

On Karas’s lap in the picture sat a pretty child whose eye color and bright smile resembled Karas very much.

“It is the Maestro in her younger days.”

Startled by the sudden voice, I turned around to see Maya standing there.

She should have made some noise. I almost fell down the stairs.

‘The Maestro in her younger days.’

Is the child sitting on her lap the Maestro’s child? Comparing her younger self to now, the child would also be grown by now.

Maya seemed like she wanted to explain something but soon nodded and stepped aside.

If she had no work, she could have given me a tour of the mansion.

How long had I walked? The long corridor, comparable to a luxury hotel, had numerous rooms.

Moreover, there was no sign on the doors, making it impossible to know which room was which without opening them. Did Karas ever use all these rooms?

At that moment.

Saaaaah.

A chill ran down my spine as a breeze brushed my cheek. Surely, a window somewhere must be open.

I turned back the way I came but sighed at the maze-like corridor. I would need help from a passing maid.

Huh?

But there wasn’t a single maid in the corridor where they had been walking moments ago.

I walked further, just in case, but there was no sign of them.

What on earth is happening? At that moment, I noticed a door with numbers on it.

“Room 0703?”


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

