---
title: Chapter 189
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:09
tags:
---


"Mr. Kim?"

It was a warm and kind voice.

"Thank you, Maestro."

Manager Kim Sang-guk found himself suddenly joining the ladies' tea time. Karas personally poured tea into his cup.

The expansive garden, pond, and various landscaping trees created a picturesque scene. The scenery was so beautiful it seemed like it had been given special visual effects.

"Mr. Kim, the person who just arrived is the vice president of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, right?"

Manager Kim Sang-guk almost spat out his tea without realizing it. He never imagined that Karas would know the vice president of Calvin Pharmaceuticals.

At that moment, as if reading Manager Kim’s thoughts, Karas gave a faint smile.

"In Austria, the hottest topic right now is none other than Calvin Pharmaceuticals. Vice President Gerard Calvin loves to appear in the media, showing up in the news headlines almost daily. It’s impossible not to know him if you live in Austria."

No wonder he looked so striking in his attire, dressed head to toe in luxury brands, with his hair neatly slicked back and a touch of makeup on his face. Anyone who didn't know him might think he was a celebrity.

"Mr. Kim, is the major shareholder of Calvin Pharmaceuticals who’s coming from abroad Hyun?"

"Pardon?"

"I heard from Maya that the major shareholder of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, who developed the new anticancer drug, is a foreigner. Because of this, the company executives are very busy these days."

Indeed, it was obvious from the context that Hyun was the major shareholder of Calvin Pharmaceuticals.

When Manager Kim Sang-guk responded with silence, Karas nodded briefly as if he had expected it.

"Hyun is truly an amazing person. He has achieved so much at such a young age. Not just as a musician but also as a businessman. Moreover, he has a dependable demeanor that doesn’t match his age. I can see why Yooha likes him so much."

Son Yooha's face turned red, not just because of the warm sunlight.

Manager Kim Sang-guk couldn’t disagree with Karas. Although many years had passed, he remembered vividly the first time he met Kang Hyun in the strategic planning office as if it were yesterday.

Although he was just a high school student, he acted like a seasoned veteran who had been leading the company for decades.

Of course, that demeanor hadn’t changed even now.

"I agree, Maestro."

He had said he would meet the vice president alone, without needing a legal representative.

It was something impossible without considerable courage and boldness. But since Kang Hyun knew both domestic and international laws like the back of his hand, there wasn’t much to worry about.

Moreover, his eloquence and demeanor were beyond imagination for his age.

Manager Kim Sang-guk had the urge to peek into the reception room right then.

*

"Is it okay that the kid wants so much?"

The vice president's face instantly hardened. He never imagined I could speak German so fluently. The interpreter’s face also turned pale.

How much time had passed? The vice president, erasing his hardened expression, licked his dry lips.

"I'm sorry. Please forgive my rudeness."

Now it seemed he wasn’t a complete rogue. After all, I was the one who could control the succession of Calvin Pharmaceuticals.

But still, I didn't like his arrogant expression.

I heard he had nothing to do with the development of the new drug.

He was at most in his mid-thirties. If a young guy reached the position of vice president thanks to his parents, he should be humble.

"In Austria, there’s a saying to forgive a moment’s mistake. Because humans are bound to make mistakes."

"Since you put it that way, this time, I’ll let it go."

"Thank you. Then, can you tell me directly what the president wants in return?"

When the vice president gave a slight eye signal, the interpreter, who had been sweating, stepped aside.

The vice president’s confident expression showed he could grant anything I wanted.

Surely, if he could own my shares, Calvin Pharmaceuticals would be his, so he wanted to meet my conditions as much as possible.

"Since you speak so straightforwardly, I will do the same."

"Good. You are indeed a person who understands."

When had he belittled me as a kid? Now he was treating me like a close brother.

However, his shiny face crumpled as if collapsing at my next words.

"I have no intention of giving up my shares in Calvin Pharmaceuticals."

"What? What do you mean?"

"You heard me right. I have no intention of giving up my shares."

What good would it do to just get angry? I was the one holding the knife.

The vice president gulped down cold water as if trying to calm his heated insides.

He really had no sense for business. With emotions so visible on his face, even an eight-year-old kid could read his mind.

"Have you had a meeting with John Calvin, the other vice president of Calvin?"

"No, you are the first Calvin representative I have met."

Was he anxious that I might have sided with his half-brother?

"So, does that mean you won't sell your shares to John Calvin either?"

"Do I need to give you a definite answer now?"

"Mr. President, I don't know if you are aware, but there is growing distrust towards foreign capital inflow in Austria. Especially, new laws are being made to protect the management rights of domestic companies. If you miss the timing, it may be hard for you to get the price you want. Are you okay with that?"

It was a bill pushed by the opposition Social Democratic Party in Austria. Surely, as a former international lawyer, I would not miss such trivial details.

But contrary to the vice president's words, the bill was so tailored against international law that it was unlikely to pass even the standing committee, let alone the parliament.

"Any member of parliament can propose a bill."

"That’s true, but."

"Vice President, you are worrying unnecessarily. The essence of an investment company is to pursue profit and practicality. Do you think such trivial bill proposals wouldn't have been considered? It seems you are forgetting the fundamental issue. You asked what price I wanted for selling my shares, but I want no price."

The vice president was speechless like a mute who had eaten honey.

"Business is not always about equal exchange. Value is relative. To take my shares, you should put in all your efforts."

* * *

"How many are there in total?"

Director Im Hyera couldn’t believe her eyes.

"President, there are seventeen in total."

She could barely come to her senses at the words of Kim Mihyun, an employee at the Gallery.

On the table were various invitation letters. The languages varied from English to German, and even Chinese and Spanish.

"Since it was known that Hyun would attend the music festival hosted by Gramophone, invitations from famous music festivals and award ceremonies from various countries have flooded in. The organizers have even contacted us directly, expressing their desire for Hyun to attend."

She didn’t expect it to be to this extent. By the numbers, it seemed he had been invited to all the prestigious music festivals in the classical music world.

No wonder, as Hyun was the hottest rising star in the classical music world right now.

Moreover, even the legendary Maestro Karas was showing great interest, making the response almost unbelievable.

"Mihyun, what’s this?"

"These are scripts sent by the movie companies."

"Movie companies? Are they asking him to compose the theme songs again?"

Years ago, Hyun had composed the theme song for a movie related to music. It was unusually popular for a movie theme song.

"They are offering him acting roles."

"What?"

"Movie companies have been bombarding us with proposals to cast Hyun as the lead in romantic films. Not only from Chungmuro but also from overseas."

She understood why the movie companies were so eager. Hyun's appearance had become increasingly perfect year by year.

Moreover, he was a classical musician with a fanbase rivaling that of many idols.

It was hard to predict how far his popularity would soar.

* * *

"The vice president must be having a hard time."

You shouldn’t judge a person by their appearance, but Vice President Gerard’s first impression was not good.

The more they talked, the more it became clear how poor Gerard’s business acumen was from his speech and demeanor.

‘Why isn’t the other vice president taking action?’

It had already been almost a week since he started living in Austria. Yet John Calvin, the other vice president of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, hadn’t sought him out. Both Gerard and John should be equally desperate, but only Gerard seemed to be rushing.

Perhaps it was wise. It could be a sign that he didn’t want to be disrespectful by contacting me directly until I reached out first.

"Mr. President, when do you plan to take action?"

Manager Kim Sang-guk asked with curious eyes. The stock price of Calvin was hitting new highs almost daily.

"I told you, I have no intention of selling yet."

"Then which side will you take? It would be John Calvin over Gerard, right?"

"No."

Manager Kim Sang-guk looked puzzled at the unexpected answer.

"Manager, I'm not planning to side with anyone. I will just move in the direction that benefits me the most. An investor must act without hesitation for their benefit."

It was a fundamental issue. He needed to be pragmatic rather than emotional.

For instance, if Vice President Gerard presented satisfactory conditions, he was willing to sell his shares.

Even if Calvin Pharmaceuticals later went bankrupt, it wouldn’t matter to him.

"As always, you are very cold-blooded, Mr. President. Even more so than myself, who has been in strategic planning for a long time. I understand now why Chairman Son likes you so much."

I thought I had softened a bit compared to my past life, but it seemed I still had a sharp edge.

How much time had passed? When Manager Kim Sang-guk stood up and returned to his office.

Huh?

A strange sound was heard. It was like a child crying or an animal howling, but it was definitely a human sound.

Although the sound was faint, it couldn’t escape his keen hearing.

He moved towards the direction of the sound late at night.

‘Room 0703.’

As expected, he reached the problematic door.

He didn’t know who was inside, but it was definitely a human sound.

He was curious about who lived there but had no way to confirm. He couldn’t break his promise to Karas just out of curiosity.

Just as he was about to turn away, shaking his head.

"Come in."

A voice was clearly heard from beyond the door.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

