---
title: Chapter 19
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:19
tags:
---


“Ajumma, what is that smell this morning?”

From the early morning, a savory smell tickled my nose.

Did my aunt come? Or maybe my big uncle and his wife? Everyone came to Ichon-dong almost every day to appease Grandfather.

While I was thinking about this and that, the housemaid gave me a subtle smile.

“The elder is cooking himself.”

Grandfather?

I had lived in the Ichon-dong mansion for a month, but I had never seen Grandfather cook.

Of course, since the housemaid with the good cooking skills always prepared our meals, it was hard to imagine Grandfather cooking himself.

‘It’s true?’

I peeked into the kitchen with a towel around my neck, and indeed, I saw Grandfather’s back. Normally, the housemaid would have stopped him, but for some reason, she was just watching.

But why did my chest feel tight looking at Grandfather’s back?

“Kang Hyun, it’s time for breakfast.”

The breakfast table was the same as always. Clear soup and side dishes mainly made of vegetables. The food that smelled savory earlier was nowhere to be seen.

What was it? Questions filled my head but soon subsided. As the side dishes decreased, so did the rice in my bowl.

“Hyuna, we have somewhere to go this morning, so be prepared.”

I looked at him questioningly, but Grandfather did not elaborate further.

“Yes, Grandfather.”

Are we going to Chairman Wang’s house? But judging by Grandfather’s expression, it didn’t seem like it. Emotions I couldn’t describe passed through the wrinkles around his eyes.

We drove for a long time in the car driven by Mr. Kim, the chauffeur. Grandfather was dressed in a clean suit, but the stitches here and there showed the passage of time.

I also dressed neatly, just like Grandfather. Except for the bow tie, I was as dressed up as I was when attending a banquet.

Even though Grandfather didn’t mention the destination, Mr. Kim drove skillfully.

Suddenly, I got nervous. Maybe, like when I met Chairman Wang, I might be meeting an important person I didn’t know.

But as time passed, my doubts faded.

‘A mountain?’

It was a dense forest. When there was no more road, the car stopped.

“Oh my, sir.”

At the sound of the car engine, an elderly man ran out from the forest. His sunburnt skin and attire clearly showed he lived in the mountains.

“It’s been a while.”

Grandfather and the elderly man greeted each other warmly. It seemed like Mr. Kim also knew him. Where could this place be?

* * *

“My dear, I’m here.”

It was a grave. The grave on the sunny side of the mountain was well-managed with not a single weed in sight. Only the occasional violet granny’s bonnet and sunny flowers opened their dewy petals.

Grandfather carefully took out a handkerchief and wiped the tombstone. His eyes, always fierce like a tiger’s, were filled with deep longing.

“Hyuna, do you want to hear a story from Grandfather’s past? When I was as young as you, I first met your grandmother. She was a maid in our house. When I suddenly announced I would marry her, my family strongly opposed, much like I opposed your father.”

I had never heard this story before. I couldn’t have heard it from my mother either, as she had died giving birth to her.

Grandfather was the only son born to a wealthy family. Considering the times, I couldn’t imagine how strong the opposition must have been.

“I ran away to Seoul. Your grandmother asked me if I wouldn’t regret it. Do you know what I answered?”

A smile spread across Grandfather’s face.

“I said, ‘I already have the whole world, what is there to regret?’”

Grandfather gently touched the grave. Each movement was filled with deep longing.

“The name Dongju (垌州) comes from the middle character of my name and the last character of your grandmother’s name.”

I never thought I’d hear the origin of Dongju Chemical like this.

“Dongju was that important to me. But as I lived my life, I realized not everything goes my way.”

It must be about raising children. No wonder they say nothing is more important in old age than how one’s children turn out. Grandfather looked at me with piercing eyes.

“Hyun, you can choose any path you want. There is nothing better than living the life you want, as I once did. But I have a request. If Dongju ever needs you in the future, please lend a hand. Grandfather will also change his perspective from now on.”

This was unimaginable in the past. Recently, my uncles had made many mistakes, so I never thought Grandfather would share this with a mere 14-year-old.

At that moment, I met Grandfather’s eyes. It felt like he was reading my mind.

“Grandfather, Dongju will be alright.”

With those words,

A deep smile spread across Grandfather’s face.

“Hyuna, fifty years ago today, Grandfather married your grandmother.”

A wedding anniversary? Grandfather took out food from the plastic bag he had brought, and I finally understood his actions in the kitchen this morning. Grandfather seemed like a romantic at that moment.

“My dear, here’s your favorite pumpkin pancakes.”

That day, Grandfather and I shared a secret.

* * *

Park Sunyoung was anxious.

Zing.

The violin's melody did not satisfy her.

There is a common saying about the realm of a master. Being praised as a maestro and dominating an era. Their appearance, as if one with their instrument, gives you goosebumps, and the music that pounds your heart steals your soul.

Their music possesses an indescribable magic. As someone who had played the violin her whole life, Park Sunyoung admired and respected the masters.

“Phew.”

A deep sigh lingered in the soundproof room.

Unconsciously, she gripped the bow tightly.

Detaché, vibrato, harmonics, legato, trill─!

Techniques she had practiced countless times since childhood. But even as an adult, she was still unsatisfied.

Of course, if others heard, they would shout that it was nonsense. Park Sunyoung was undoubtedly a talented individual with excellent skills.

But someone once said that violin technique goes beyond skill and lies in emotion. That difference separates masters from ordinary players.

She wondered if she had the talent. 

Had she seen an insurmountable talent? Of course. Park Sunyoung had recently been very enthusiastic about giving violin lessons. She had encountered a wall of talent for the first time in her life. But instead of being resentful, she was thankful for the opportunity to teach that child. Was this how Paganini’s teacher felt?

“Yooha will be disappointed today too.”

In recent days, Kang Hyun had not come to his music lessons, leaving Son Yooha full of discontent. Park Sunyoung fully understood Yooha’s feelings. She herself had become a fan of Kang Hyun rather than his teacher.

He said he had never properly learned the violin. But from his melodies, Park Sunyoung felt the aura of a master.

‘At this rate, Hyun will go abroad to study first.’

In a way, it wasn’t wrong. Mozart also traveled the world from a young age.

Crack.

She couldn’t give up now.

Park Sunyoung picked up the bow she had gripped tightly again.

* * *

“Chairman.”

Big Uncle cautiously entered the chairman’s office. Perhaps due to the recent incident with Little Uncle, his actions were as careful as a new employee’s.

Big Uncle glared at me as he entered the office, as if to say, "Why are you still here?"

What could I do? I didn’t want to be here either.

It was only a few days ago that I had reassured Grandfather, but with Wanyong still causing trouble, I had no choice but to come to the office with him almost every day, even missing my newly found interest in music lessons.

“Executive Yoo.”

When Grandfather called softly, Big Uncle immediately stopped glaring at me and became tense.

“Are you still handling things so clumsily? Must I even concern myself with wastewater treatment?”

The 1990s were rife with industrial corruption. It was common knowledge that no one ran a business without taking kickbacks.

For example, in construction, they would skimp on rebar to the point where it didn’t meet safety standards, and in the chemical industry, there were widespread violations related to wastewater treatment.

Manufacturing plants without their wastewater treatment facilities would usually outsource to chemical companies, and this is where the kickbacks occurred.

How do I know so well?

‘Because even in the 21st century, similar methods are still quietly rampant.’

The times have just become more sophisticated, but the corruption hasn’t been eradicated. However, since it was illegal, everyone was more cautious about it. The legal issues arising from this were something I managed. But now, it’s the 1990s.

Well, such corruption was prevalent in any industry, but it was considered virtuous to turn a blind eye. With society structured like this, problems were bound to arise.

“I-I will take immediate corrective action, Chairman.”

Big Uncle was sweating profusely. He probably knew about the kickbacks related to wastewater, but the amount was small, so he turned a blind eye. If he didn’t know, he was really an idiot.

After Big Uncle left, it wasn’t long before...

“Are you here, Executive Jeon?”

The villain came to the chairman’s office.

Because he was in charge of new material development, Executive Jeon frequently visited the chairman’s office.

Although my calling him Jeon Wanyong had made his gaze towards me unusual, nothing special happened. He probably thought he misheard it.

‘How do I catch this guy?’

There was no clear way to catch him red-handed. Since the new material development wasn’t complete yet, I couldn’t just shout, “This guy will sell top-tier technology to foreign countries in the future!”

Until he left the chairman’s office, I was deep in thought.

Thinking of no brilliant solution.

“The moldy smell is strong.”

Huh?

Grandfather was looking at me. With a mysterious smile.

“Didn’t you say before, Hyun? That mold doesn’t just grow on the surface.”

No way.

I had been thinking too naively. Grandfather had been in the front lines of management for his entire life. I had been too arrogant, relying only on my past life experiences. I was showing off in front of a master. Grandfather was an expert far beyond my comparison. He must have noticed something.

“There will be a thorough disinfection soon, very thoroughly.”


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

