---
title: Chapter 196
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:16
tags:
---


"Damn it!"

The giant had fallen. Not only the morning newspapers but also broadcast stations were rushing to report the breaking news.

It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that South Korea was buzzing with the story of Chairman Son Jangwon of the Jeil Group.

There were even bizarre rumors circulating that Chairman Son Jangwon had already passed away, which showed how serious the situation was.

[Breaking news: Chairman Son Jangwon has been in critical condition for several days. Chairman Son is currently being treated at his residence in Pyeongchang-dong, where all the executives of the Jeil Group and the owner’s family have gathered without exception. The sudden news of Chairman Son’s illness is causing significant turmoil in the stock market...]

The news continued to headline the condition of the chairman. However, the anchor's nuance seemed to be more concerned with the impending chaos in the stock market rather than the chairman's illness.

It left a bitter taste in my mouth. Well, it was an unavoidable reality.

"Hey, did you hear? Chairman Son Jangwon collapsed."

"There are even rumors that he's already dead. They say they haven’t announced it because of inheritance issues and stock prices."

"No wonder he hasn't shown his face in the media for months!"

It was the same at universities. Even students who were supposed to be devoted to their studies were gossiping about the chairman’s condition as if it were a celebrity scandal.

Professors were no different. Among them, there were quite a few senior professors who were genuinely worried. They knew the overall impact on Korean society if the chairman passed away.

But still.

‘Why didn't they stop it?’

At this point, there were more than a few things that didn't make sense. Why had the Jeil Group disclosed the chairman's illness to the media? If they wanted to, controlling the media wouldn't have been difficult for them.

Moreover, the succession and inheritance issues were not yet finalized. Just then,

"Junior―!"

It was around lunchtime. Director Kim Sang-guk had personally come to Hankuk University. For some reason, he always called me "junior" at Hankuk University.

We headed to a snack bar located at the side gate to have lunch, as if we had planned it.

"As you instructed, we are continuing to provide full support to Dream Company in Austria, but it will take a lot more time to see tangible results. Are you still going to continue the support?"

"Why?"

"Junior, I'm asking because you don't seem to know. We are already facing billions in losses. We can't even predict how much more we will lose in the future. Frankly, even if we invested that money in some prime real estate currently on the market, the returns would be better than investing in Dream Company. I can guarantee it."

Director Kim Sang-guk gave an enthusiastic business report while eating tteokbokki. He should at least wipe the sauce from his mouth while talking.

Anyone who didn't know better would think an old man and a young student were bantering.

"Then let's make a bet. If Dream Company does not show tangible results within the next five years, I will fully follow your opinions for VH Company’s direction. I will even raise your position to a partner level with me. However, if Dream Company shows tangible results, you will have to work without any wage negotiations for life."

Director Kim Sang-guk's face turned to one of bewilderment. He probably never imagined I would be so stubborn.

Soon, Director Kim Sang-guk shook his head.

"How could I ever win against you, junior? Let's forget about the bet."

"Director, do you have any idea what's happening with the Jeil Group?"

"I have an idea, but I can't say for sure. If you're curious, there should be an easy way for you to find out immediately."

What on earth was he talking about? Director Kim Sang-guk continued to eat fish cake dipped in tteokbokki sauce and spoke.

"You could ask Director Im Hyera, couldn't you?"

* * *

The mansion in Ichon-dong was bustling. It was as if it were the day they learned about the chairman's condition.

"Hyun, you came at the right time."

Grandfather didn't seem to have gone to work. But wasn't he dressed in his outdoor clothes?

"Come with your grandpa for a bit."

"Now?"

I was planning to go to my studio. I had no intention of abruptly confronting Director Im Hyera to ask about the cause of this incident.

But grandfather's expression was unusual. It was like a general preparing for war.

‘Where are we going?’

The car driven by Mr. Kim, the chauffeur, sped continuously on the highway. It seemed we were heading out of town.

The car kept accelerating on the highway, making it impossible to guess our destination. Seeing my puzzled expression, grandfather elaborated.

"At first, I thought of taking a domestic flight, but your grandpa needs time to prepare his mind. The person we're going to meet is very dangerous. It's been years since I last met that old raccoon."

I couldn't understand who he was talking about. At grandfather's age, most prominent figures in the business world were like his children.

Who in South Korea could be dangerous enough for grandfather to need mental preparation?

I racked my brain several times, but no clear answer came to mind.

'Daegu?'

How long had we been driving? The highway signs now indicated Gyeongbuk.

The car, driven by Mr. Kim, exited the highway and entered a village in Gyeongsan, Gyeongbuk.

From the cement bridge to the well-paved roads, the village entrance was meticulously maintained.

The management was so thorough that it couldn't be compared to any other rural village.

"Chairman, we've arrived."

Mr. Kim spoke in a tense voice.

I couldn't help but gape at the scenery outside the window.

It was a massive hanok, connected by a long wall, that could have been mistaken for the residence of a high-ranking official from the past.

If I exaggerated, it seemed like a hanok preserved as a cultural heritage.

But that wasn’t what surprised me the most. It was the large nameplate on the gate of the hanok.

‘Kim Namcheon―!’

Now the puzzle pieces seemed to fit. I understood why grandfather was tense.

After the Jeil Group turned South Korea into the Jeil Republic, Kim Namcheon had disappeared from history, but his stories were legendary.

I swallowed hard. It was Kim Namcheon's hanok, the man who had controlled South Korea's media from the Japanese colonial period to the early 21st century.

* * *

"Sir, have you been well?"

Grandfather addressed him with the honorific "Sir," indicating that Kim Namcheon was nearing the age of 100.

His wrinkled face and liver-spotted skin clearly showed his age, but his eyes were as sharp as those of a young man.

His aura, combined with his cunning, made him as dangerous as Chairman Son, but in a different way.

"Hehe, it's been a long time."

It seemed grandfather had met him before.

Of course, anyone who had done business in turbulent times would know the name Kim Namcheon.

He was the media king during the Japanese colonial period.

Even under the Japanese cultural rule and the military dictatorship, he continually grew and protected his media company.

Many called him a collaborator, and he was often labeled the epitome of an opportunist.

But perhaps because of this, Kim Namcheon's media company had a tremendous influence over South Korea's modern history.

"And this is your grandson?"

"Yes, Sir."

"I’ve heard rumors even in Gyeongsan that the boy is quite clever. It seems you didn’t do well with your children, but your grandson is exceptional. I’d even consider matching him with my great-granddaughter."

Kim Namcheon's shrewd gaze made me feel as if he could see right through me. Just then,

"Sir, the reason I came today is because of Chairman Son Jangwon of the Jeil Group. I understand that your company was the first to report his condition."

"Hehe. To be precise, it was my children's media company. What power does this old man have to write articles?"

"No article can adorn the front page of South Korea without your approval, Sir."

Although he was nearing 100, it was undeniable that he was still active in the media industry.

Honestly, it was hard to believe his age. The aura and gaze from his small frame were comparable to Chairman Son’s.

"Sir, didn't you owe me a favor during the Republican Party regime?"

"Indeed, I did."

"Please tell me the truth about this matter, considering that favor."

The Republican Party regime, I was curious but couldn’t help it. There must have been some kind of deal between grandfather and Kim Namcheon in the past.

"Hyun, you should already have a hunch."

"I came because I didn’t want to just end things with a hunch."

"Hehe, I suppose so."

Kim Namcheon seemed to ponder with his wrinkled eyes before he spoke.

"Do you know why we revealed Chairman Son Jangwon's condition to the nation, despite opposing President Son Il-seon of Jeil Group?"

"I don’t know."

"It's because of President Son Il-seon. He is the formidable successor of the Jeil Group."

Kim Namcheon took a sip of his tea.

Occasionally, he glanced at me with his shrewd eyes, making me feel as if a snake was watching, sending chills down my spine.

Kim Namcheon seemed amused by my reaction and continued.

"If President Son Il-seon takes over the Jeil Group, my media company, which I’ve built my entire life, will fall under the Jeil Group’s control within ten years."

"Sir, isn’t that an exaggeration?"

"Aye, you still don’t know President Son Il-seon’s true nature. He is different from Chairman Son Jangwon. While Chairman Son built up the Jeil Group like a tiger, charging ahead unrestrained, Son Il-seon may look like a tiger on the outside, but inside, he is as cunning as a snake. He is that sly and cold-hearted."

There was no doubt about his assessment. As Kim Namcheon said, the first thing Son Il-seon did after seizing the Jeil Group was pruning. He ruthlessly cut off even his own blood relatives.

Moreover, he had taken control of South Korea’s media within five years of becoming chairman, as if striking while the iron was hot.

"But Sir, you wouldn't have turned against the Jeil Group without a good reason?"

"Are you saying there was no justification?"

"Yes. If by any chance Chairman Son Jangwon recovers, who do you think he will target first?"

Of course, it would be the media companies that revealed his condition. Due to this, the Jeil Group's stock price was shaking as if an earthquake had hit.

Then Kim Namcheon smirked, lifting his teacup.

"Unnecessary worry."

"Unnecessary worry?"

"We were merely doing a favor."

Kim Namcheon clattered his teacup as he spoke.

"For Chairman Son Jangwon's second son."


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

