---
title: Chapter 20
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:20
tags:
---


"Oppa, play for me!"

Son Yooha clung to me like a cicada on an old tree. The prickly demeanor she had when we first met was nowhere to be seen. Now, she followed me around like a village puppy.

Imagining her as the Ice Queen in her past life, it’s hard to understand, but what can I do? I guess I have to think of it as my destiny.

"Yooha, Oppa has to catch up on his studies now."

I hadn't been able to do music tutoring for a while. But that didn't mean I had been neglecting my music studies.

In my past life, I was known as a relentless person who passed the bar exam on the first try. Back then, studying law wasn't particularly enjoyable. Why is learning music so enjoyable now?

"Hiiing."

Son Yooha couldn't hide her disappointment and let go of my sleeve. She looked so cute that I couldn't help but chuckle.

"Oh my, Hyun is here too today?"

At that moment, Park Sunyoung appeared, carrying a violin case.

'Come to think of it.'

I hadn't really seen Park Sunyoung play the violin properly. She only played briefly when checking over practice pieces.

It's strange, Yooha once told me that she used to play other pieces often.

As the lessons continued, I observed a side of Park Sunyoung that I hadn't noticed before. There were moments when her complexion showed anxiety and urgency. I didn't know the reason, but she seemed to be chased by something.

Of course, for the young Son Yooha, it was difficult to discern such complex emotions in others. How can I tell just by looking?

In my career as a prosecutor, I've met all sorts of people. Some commit murder with a straight face while others have fierce looks yet are wrongly accused. Over time, I might have naturally trained myself to read people’s inner thoughts.

"Now, Yooha, that's enough."

Park Sunyoung shifted her gaze from Son Yooha to me. When she saw my eyes, she was startled and her eyes widened like a rabbit's.

"Teacher, is something bothering you?"

Park Sunyoung swallowed hard at the unexpected question.

"Is it that obvious on my face?"

I nodded briefly. What's the need to hide it? If it's such a serious concern, she shouldn't be here tutoring.

"Actually, I'm worried because my playing isn't improving."

Huh?

It was an unexpected answer. If it was a common concern, I was willing to listen as an experienced elder. Though I wasn't sure how candid Park Sunyoung would be with a 14-year-old like me.

But still, her playing skills? Park Sunyoung was already quite renowned for her violin skills. Otherwise, she wouldn't be tutoring the children of a conglomerate family.

At that moment.

"Hyun, I actually have a favor to ask."

Park Sunyoung looked at me with eyes that seemed to have thought of something. It was quite unsettling, but I couldn't help it. I was the one who opened the door.

"Could you watch me play?"

"What?"

I raised my voice without realizing it.

"Last time, you corrected my habits when I played the piano, didn't you? Can't you do that?"

Park Sunyoung hadn't forgotten the experience. Hyun had pointed out habits that she hadn't realized even after a lifetime of learning music. Somehow, she felt Hyun might identify her current issues too.

Under her persistent gaze,

I had no choice but to nod.

The clock's second hand ticked away incessantly. Son Yooha was already lost in admiration, watching Park Sunyoung's violin performance.

Zing.

As the final note ended and the bow's tip lowered to the ground, Park Sunyoung exhaled the breath she had been holding. Beads of sweat dotted her forehead.

Hmm, how should I explain this? The performance was perfect. There wasn't even a tiny flaw in the understanding of the piece, the pitch, or the rhythm. It was like a series of mechanical performances.

"It's perfect."

At my response, Park Sunyoung replied with a dejected expression, "Really?" as if unsure of what to do.

I pondered over her performance in my mind. Yes, there were indeed some issues.

"Teacher, don't think too far ahead when you play."

Her performance was too perfect, and that was the problem.

A hint of confusion filled Park Sunyoung's eyes.

"Teacher, it seems like you're always thinking one tempo ahead when you play. It feels even more so when you alternate between upbows and downbows."

If computers were to advance in the future, her violin performance would resemble that produced by a machine.

In her pursuit of perfection to avoid any mistakes, she created a new issue.

Whenever something felt off, she likely tried even harder to be perfect. So, how could she identify her own problems?

"What's the point of perfect technique if the melody dies?"

Park Sunyoung looked as if she had been doused with cold water.

* * *

"Jinseok hyung, long time no see."

My aunt's son, Yoo Jinseok, nodded with a start at my voice. Such a timid guy, he still gets nervous around me occasionally. Well, I guess he worries I'll mess with his hair in front of the adults.

How did this guy manage to commit fraud in the future?

The mansion in Ichon-dong was filled with people.

Because my aunt and uncle, along with my uncles and their wives, had arrived. The reason was simple. It was Grandpa's birthday today.

But since none of them ever had good things to say, they were subtly subdued. Especially my uncle who had been kicked out of the company, his face was full of anxiety.

"Father, happy birthday."

Grandpa sighed at my eldest uncle's words.

Of course, he wouldn't be pleased; all his children were troublemakers.

"Grandpa, happy birthday."

"Thank you."

Grandpa finally smiled, probably because of his grandchildren.

The dining table was nearly silent, making for a quiet mealtime.

Even my aunt, who usually led the charge in pleasing Grandpa, was just watching for cues. My eldest uncle, unable to bear it, glanced at Grandpa's mood and then met my eyes, looking like he had found a solution.

"Hyun, you'll be going back after summer break, right? I feel bad I couldn't do much for you while you were in Seoul."

Oh please, he's just spouting whatever comes to mind.

My eldest uncle, who always gave me uncomfortable looks when he saw me at the company. After we attended a banquet together, his wariness grew even more. Seizing the moment, my aunt chimed in.

"By the way, Hyunja should at least show her face on her father's birthday. She only comes around when she needs something. Wouldn't it be nice if she came on days like this? Right, Father?"

Grandpa's frown made my aunt quickly shut up.

"I talked to Hyunja and Kang earlier this morning, so don't worry."

Grandpa's words made not only my aunt but also my uncles' eyes widen. They were surprised to hear Grandpa refer to Kang as his son-in-law.

They must be shocked since Grandpa had never acknowledged his youngest daughter's husband as his son-in-law. After a brief stunned silence.

"Oh, Father, how could I forget? Our Jinseok has been selected to represent his school in a national English competition. You have no idea how much other parents are asking how we taught him English."

My aunt hurriedly changed the subject. But English, of all things. My eldest uncle seemed to remember my English skills from the banquet, as he clammed up like a mute, and Grandpa listened half-heartedly.

Tap.

Then Grandpa put down his chopsticks and looked at me.

"Hyun will live here from now on."

What?

But that wasn't all.

"Hyunja and Kang will also come up to Seoul soon."

The unexpected news of the move left my uncles and aunt in shock.

* * *

Dudududung!

It was like the sound of thunder.

Spencer's baton was like magic. The members holding their instruments were all captivated and led by that magic.

Like a lighthouse guiding those adrift at sea, they were mesmerized by Spencer's conducting.

It wasn't just about the tempo, rhythm control, or direction of the melody. His meticulous guidance encompassed the entire score, beyond words.

There are many great composers—Haydn, the father of symphonies, the spontaneous Schubert, Beethoven, the musical genius, and Handel, the master of praise.

Their symphonies, etched in history, have been reinterpreted and echoed through countless conductors' hands over time.

But I can assert that no one is as meticulous and all-encompassing in interpreting music as Spencer. Even now, it was the same.

The members felt their hearts pounding vigorously.

All were distinguished musicians with impressive careers. Yet, under Spencer's baton, they felt the exhilaration they first experienced when learning music.

That thrill spread like an infection, captivating the audience as well, until the endless melody reached the ceiling.

As the baton sliced through the air,

Dudududung!

The orchestra finally became one under his hand.

* * *

"Dmitri."

Concertmaster Dmitri understood the hidden meaning in Spencer's brief words. Even offstage, Spencer didn't socialize with the orchestra members. The same went for the pianist who performed the concerto. He also refrained from meeting any visitors.

Leaving all this behind, the chief conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra was known for watching the recorded performance tapes repeatedly until the tape wore out.

"Maestro."

Dmitri carefully handed over the recorded tape. Spencer stared at the tape in his hand for a long time.

The performance was satisfying. There were no mistakes among the members, and it was a performance worthy of the London Symphony's reputation.

But something kept gnawing at him, like a fishhook in his mind.

Crunch.

When Spencer clenched his fist, Dmitri's eyes widened. The change in his demeanor was evident. But no matter how much he thought about it, he couldn't understand why. Was there a mistake during the performance that he hadn't noticed?

"Dmitri, do you believe in prodigies?"

Then Spencer's dry voice was heard.

Prodigies?

What is the maestro trying to say? Dmitri's cold eyes were filled with curiosity. But he soon shook his head and replied.

"Well, Maestro..."

Of course, he once believed there were musicians in a league of their own. But after witnessing their true selves up close, he had to change his mind. While there might be differences in talent, without effort, it couldn't be surpassed.

At that moment, Spencer stood up.

"Take a look at this."

Spencer inserted the tape he received from Samuel into the machine.

Dmitri's curious gaze fixed on the screen as the video began to play after a short silence.

'A child?'

An Asian-looking child stood on the podium.

How much time had passed?

"Maestro, this is..."

It was unbelievable.

Even without looking at Dmitri's face, Spencer knew he was in shock. He himself had doubted his eyes at first.

There was still plenty of time before they would perform in Asia. But the child's performance had been stuck in his mind.

The fluid, natural technique and emotionally rich melody were not something that could be easily imitated.

"Which country is he from? If the maestros over there have seen this child, they would be desperate to take him as a disciple."

What?

"Or maybe he already has an outstanding teacher."

Why hadn't he thought of that?

That others might also want this child.

At that moment, Spencer jumped up from his seat as if his pants were on fire.