---
title: Chapter 200
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:20
tags:
---


덕덕.

If what Grandfather said is true, the message Chairman Wang indicated would mean Teacher Deoksoo 德水. Without hesitation, I asked Grandfather.

"Grandfather, where is Teacher Deoksoo now?"

"I don't know."

"What?"

Grandfather's face showed clear signs of distress.

"From the start, I didn't believe in the existence of Teacher Deoksoo."

"What do you mean by that?"

"According to Chairman Son, Teacher Deoksoo's wisdom and insight were extraordinary. He laid the foundation for Cheil Sanghoe, which became Cheil Group, on the ruins right after the war. However, there were many things I couldn't understand. If what Chairman Son said was true, Teacher Deoksoo was a great merchant among merchants. It was hard to believe that such a person never showed himself even once. At first, I thought Chairman Son was using a metaphor."

Grandfather's thoughts were not unreasonable.

To the average person, Chairman Son Jangwon was an unparalleled figure with exceptional managerial skills and insight.

From the turbulent times when military regimes were rampant after the Korean War to the millennium, Son Jangwon had never once yielded his position as the leader in the business world.

If such an amazing person taught Son Jangwon, it was indeed astonishing that this person remained unknown to the outside world.

"But Chairman Son didn't care whether I believed or not. Whenever he got drunk, he sometimes talked about Teacher Deoksoo. He said that it was thanks to Teacher Deoksoo that he, a peddler from North Hamgyong Province, could become the head of such a huge corporation. Listening to what happened at Cheil Sanghoe made me realize how exceptional Teacher Deoksoo was. One day, out of curiosity, I asked if Teacher Deoksoo was still alive."

Gulp.

"At that moment, Chairman Son answered very seriously that he was alive. So I came to believe that Teacher Deoksoo was not a metaphor but a real person. Chairman Son said that whenever he faced difficulties, he would seek Teacher Deoksoo's wisdom. Thanks to him, he survived several military regimes. However, he never revealed where or who Teacher Deoksoo was. Chairman Son also added that Teacher Deoksoo extremely disliked being exposed to the outside world."

The more I listened, the more astonishing the story became. It was an untold story that wasn't even recorded in Chairman Wang’s autobiography.

During the military regime, many companies fell like autumn leaves. Surely, the military regime also reached Cheil Group.

But Cheil Group used the military regime to rise even higher.

And behind it was someone named Teacher Deoksoo.

"Hyun, aren't you curious?"

"About what?"

"About the extent of Teacher Deoksoo's abilities. Chairman Son answered this question without hesitation."

Grandfather added firmly.

"If Teacher Deoksoo had appeared in the business world with ambition, the rankings in the business world would have changed."

* * *

Swoosh, swoosh, buzz buzz—

As the cool breeze heralded the start of autumn, the last cicada song echoed through the gray city.

Cheil Gallery was as quiet as if it had closed down.

Kim Sang-guk's face showed clear signs of puzzlement as he entered the gallery. It was a sudden summons.

"Manager, I'm sorry to call you when you are supposed to go on a business trip to Austria. It’s very urgent."

"It's alright. If the president calls, I must go anywhere."

"Manager, do you know a person named Teacher Deoksoo?"

It was a question asked just in case. Manager Kim Sang-guk was the head of the strategic planning office, which could be considered the nerve center of Cheil Group.

He might be the person who knew the most about Cheil Group's untold stories after Chairman Wang and President Son Ilsung.

Manager Kim Sang-guk furrowed his brow as if in thought and then shook his head.

"It's the first time I've heard the name."

As expected, Manager Kim Sang-guk didn't know either. Even Grandfather said he had never seen him in person.

"Manager, I'm sorry, but could you postpone your business trip and find Teacher Deoksoo?"

"Teacher Deoksoo?"

"There aren't many clues. He helped Chairman Son after the Korean War at Cheil Sanghoe and is now likely to be a centenarian."

Manager Kim Sang-guk furrowed his brow again. It was understandable. It was like looking for a needle in a haystack.

But Manager Kim Sang-guk soon nodded vigorously.

"Alright. I'll do my best to find him."

It was then.

Knock, knock.

There was an unexpected knock on the door of the studio.

"Kang Hyun, you have a visitor."

"A visitor?"

Kim Mihyun's face showed signs of tension. It was an unusual look for her. But I understood her tension as soon as I saw the figure behind her.

"Kang Hyun, I stopped by again because I was bored!"

It was Son Kangwook. He held a box of Bacchus that seemed to be bought from a local convenience store.

"You must be tired from working on music, so drink this while you work. It's a small token of my appreciation. Hahaha!"

Considering he was a second-generation chaebol, it wouldn't have been surprising if a bundle of money came out of the Bacchus box, but it was really just caffeine drinks.

Son Kangwook's face was as kind as that of a friendly farmer.

"I came to see my sister-in-law, but it seems she didn't come to work because she didn't want to see my face. So I thought I'd see you, Kang Hyun, but you already have a visitor."

"Ah, let me introduce you. This is—"

"I know. It's Manager Kim Sang-guk from the strategic planning office, isn't it? I heard you moved to VH Company. This is the first time I'm seeing you in person. Manager, don't hesitate and have a bottle of Bacchus. Hahaha."

For a moment, Manager Kim Sang-guk's face turned pale. It was because he never imagined that Son Kangwook would know his identity. The people in the strategic planning office were all top secret.

As we were drinking and catching our breath, Son Kangwook looked at me intently.

"I really like you, Kang Hyun. I would scout you if I could, but you've already succeeded both musically and in the investment industry, so I can't do anything. I wanted to have a deep conversation today, but since you have another guest, I'll just leave after making an impression."

At that moment, I saw men in black suits carrying out a frame beyond the door.

As soon as I confirmed the identity of the frame, my eyes widened.

The reason was simple. It was ‘Shadow in the Storm,’ which was exhibited in the gallery lobby. Moreover, those men were not Son Kangwook's subordinates.

"It’s the ‘Shadow in the Storm’ that you introduced to me before."

"Why is that painting...?"

"Oh, my sister-in-law gave it to me. In return for looking after my brother's affairs, I got to take any painting I wanted from the gallery. Now I need to make things mine one by one."

Son Kangwook looked at me as he got up. At that moment, his eyes were as fierce as a tiger's.

"Well then, Kang Hyun, let's meet again next time."

Only after Son Kangwook left the studio did Manager Kim Sang-guk exhale the breath he had been holding. His face was covered in cold sweat, as if he had been hit by a torrential downpour.

* * *

"Hyun, is there something bothering you?"

Kim Daewoo looked at me with a worried expression.

"Huh?"

"No, it's just that your face looks so grim. Anyone would think you had a big fight. Even the kids are too scared to come near you."

It seemed that my old habit from my previous life had come out unknowingly. How many cases had I handled as a prosecutor at the Western District Prosecutor's Office? When my worries deepened, a sharp aura would unconsciously appear on my face.

My mind was filled with thoughts of Son Kangwook.

Tsk.

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. My mouth tasted bitter.

The news was abuzz with stories related to President Son Ilsung of Cheil Group every day. Some even said that the prosecution had completely fallen out with Cheil Group.

‘Nonsense.’

Hadn't I spent my whole life in the prosecution in my previous life?

The term "collusion between politics and business" didn't come about for nothing. The current prosecution hadn't fallen out with Cheil Group; rather, they had fallen out with President Son Ilsung.

It was clear evidence that Son Kangwook's influence had already extended deep into the prosecution.

‘If this continues, the future will really change.’

Son Kangwook's actions were unstoppable. He was moving under the surface, even influencing Cheil Gallery. He must have already extended his reach to many executives of Cheil Group.

The current situation, with President Son Ilsung being detained by the prosecution, was a golden opportunity for him.

"Hyun, did you study for the quiz?"

"Quiz?"

"Yeah, man. There's a law elective quiz coming up. I don't know why that professor likes quizzes so much. But you didn't know about it?"

When I made a puzzled expression, Kim Daewoo looked shocked.

It seemed that I had forgotten about the quiz because I had been so busy recently.

But it was a law elective, wasn't it? I had lived as a legal professional for years. I was confident that I could write down the answers no matter how difficult the legal questions were.

It was then.

A call?

Suddenly, my phone rang. I checked the caller's name and immediately put the phone to my ear.

"Yes, Manager."

How much time had passed?

"Daewoo, I don't think I can attend the class today."

"What? Dude, I told you there's a quiz today."

"That's not important right now."

Kim Daewoo looked bewildered. There was no time to explain further. I grabbed my car keys and sprinted towards the parking lot where my car was parked.

The reason I was moving so urgently was simple. Manager Kim Sang-guk had found Teacher Deoksoo!

* * *

A heavy tension filled the large mansion in Pyeongchang-dong. The housekeeper and the bodyguards all had tense expressions.

A man was walking leisurely beyond the garden, decorated with various ornamental trees.

He was tall and had deep eyes beneath thick eyebrows, resembling Chairman Wang.

"Sister-in-law, did you see a ghost?"

Son Kangwook greeted Director Im Hyera with a faint smile.

It was an explosive situation, but Son Kangwook remained calm.

"It’s been many years since I came to the mansion in Pyeongchang-dong. This place hasn't changed at all. Father still likes old things. It must be tough for you to match his temperament. Anyway, it must be hard playing the role of the head in place of my brother."

Director Im Hyera didn't respond to Son Kangwook's words. It was a clear provocation.

Son Kangwook didn't care whether Director Im Hyera responded or not and continued walking.

"I'll just go see Father for a moment."

She wanted to kick Son Kangwook out of the mansion immediately, but she couldn't. Son Kangwook's words alone could endanger the Cheil Foundation.

Son Kangwook walked towards Chairman Wang's bedroom as if he owned the place.

Beep, beep, beep, beep.

The sound of the machines monitoring vital signs filled the bedroom.

Chairman Wang lay on the bed as if in a deep sleep.

Son Kangwook looked down at Chairman Wang and spoke.

"Father, it's your second son."

Chairman Wang remained silent.

"I scolded our youngest brother, Hongwon, severely. He won't cause you any more trouble. By the way, Ilsung is currently detained by the prosecution. It seems his secret misdeeds finally got exposed. Hahaha. But he's a cunning guy, so he won't stay behind bars for long."

Beep, beep, beep, beep.

"It doesn't feel right to see you lying here when you usually get so angry. Please get well soon and get up. I have to show you."

At that moment, Son Kangwook's eyes gleamed like a tiger's as he looked at Chairman Wang.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

