---
title: Chapter 201
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:21
tags:
---


"A gentleman seeks within himself, a petty person seeks from others."

Son Kangwook's dry lips moved.

"A gentleman seeks within himself, a petty person seeks from others. I know that more than half of you still doubt and do not trust me. However, there are also quite a few who have become my allies because I have leveraged their weaknesses. Or there might still be some who are acting as my brother's pawns."

The spacious conference room was filled with numerous executives.

As Son Kangwook said, their expressions varied. Some looked relaxed, while many others were so uneasy that their faces turned pale.

"On the other hand, there are also many who have supported me both materially and emotionally from the old days. Although our individual intentions may differ, we all meet here today with the same goal. Ultimately, all of you have followed me, Son Kangwook, to this point because you trust me, haven't you?"

A thick tension filled the conference room. It felt like the calm before a storm. Son Kangwook, who had been sitting at the head of the table, stood up.

"This seat has always belonged to my father and brother. I never had a chance to sit here. But from now on, I plan to take this seat. I will need your help. Unlike my father and brother, I do not intend to run the company arbitrarily. Today's meeting was arranged to reaffirm this commitment."

Son Kangwook added while sweeping his hand over the head seat.

"Even if today's grand endeavor fails, I do not intend to blame or criticize you. So, feel at ease. To an outsider, it might look like a funeral here. Hahaha."

Son Kangwook's face was full of vigor. To someone who didn't know, he might look as excited as a child at an amusement park.

It was hard to believe that he had been waiting for this day his entire life.

"If anyone here does not wish to align with me, you may stand up and leave. I promise not to exploit your weaknesses. I am not such a petty person. Hahaha."

Despite Son Kangwook's words, none of the executives stood up. After all, they couldn't be unaware that Son Kangwook was already taking over the Daeil Group from beneath the surface.

Moreover, even the Daeil Foundation and Daeil Insurance, which were the financial lifelines of the Daeil Group, remained silent, as if tacitly approving his rebellion.

"Then―!"

At that moment, Son Kangwook's eyes gleamed. It was as if the aura of a tiger emanated from his gaze.

The executives who met his eyes all held their breath and lowered their gazes.

"I take it that all of you will align with me, Son Kangwook."

* * *

"Have you really found him?"

Urgency was evident in the voice. It was unimaginable that Chief Kim Sangguk would find Teacher Deoksoo so quickly. Chief Kim Sangguk nodded briefly and said,

"I have listed the information you gave me into two groups. We needed to find an old man named Deoksoo related to the Jeil Trading Company. However, there were countless old men named Deoksoo nationwide. Among them, those who had reached the age of 100 were less than a hundred, but most were rural old men unrelated to the Jeil Trading Company. So I thought differently."

It was Chief Kim Sangguk of the Strategic Planning Office. After all, it was a place only the best talents in the nation could go. Chief Kim Sangguk elaborated on his hypothesis.

"I thought that the name Deoksoo might not be his real name but a pseudonym or a nickname. And since he was related to the Jeil Trading Company, I focused on individuals related to finance rather than farmers who had spent their lives plowing fields."

Chief Kim Sangguk, who was sitting on the sofa in the office, leaned forward and asked me,

"How much do you know about the history of the stock market in our country?"

"Excuse me?"

"Let me explain more easily. There are a total of ten people who have shone in the Korean stock market."

Not heroes who have shone in history, but people who have shone in the stock market.

Regrettably, I shook my head. My knowledge of stocks was just a series of fragmented pieces. I only remembered the major stocks and events of my past life in detail.

"In 1892, a futures exchange was established at the pier in Incheon, creating a speculation market with soybeans and rice. In 1932, the Joseon Stock Exchange was established, officially opening the securities market in Korea. However, there were no significant restrictions or regulations. After liberation, the Korean stock market was a lawless speculation ground. It was so speculative that there was even a term called 'chaktongjeon,' where stock prices were determined solely by buying and selling forces, regardless of company performance. In short, the market was judged solely by money without any directional value of the company."

Chief Kim Sangguk continued speaking with an intriguing look, as if he was narrating an interesting old story.

"Individual investors who could be called giant ants at the time began to decline as the military regime took power. The regime started to influence the stock market, and investment indicators like ROE, EPS, and PER began to establish themselves in Korea. As time passed, the market went up and down like waves until the foreign exchange crisis hit after the market opened to foreign markets. This is the flow of the stock market history that any Korean stock trader would know."

I had heard of all these contents.

But what followed was the key.

"The ten people who shone in the Korean stock market are the giant ants who survived in the speculative stock market after liberation. From the White Whale of Gwangyang, the Three-Headed Dragon of Mapo, Mr. Park of Haeundae, to the Golden Granny of Daegu. They were giant ants who handled enormous amounts of money that could rival any company. Among them, I want to talk about the White Whale of Gwangyang."

The White Whale?

"His real name was impossible to track as he had changed it several times, and he was simply known by the nickname White Whale. Among the aforementioned giant ants, he was the one who handled the most money in the securities market in the 1970s. His influence was so significant that a large part of Gwangyang, as well as many areas in Apgujeong, Gangnam, and Gangbuk in Seoul, were his real estate in the 1970s. However, as the military regime became more active, he also disappeared."

"Chief, why are you telling me about him?"

"Because the White Whale of Gwangyang was also known as Teacher Deoksoo."

……!

Surprise quickly turned into disappointment. Didn't he say he had disappeared?

I looked at Chief Kim Sangguk expecting an answer, but his reply was as expected.

"After realizing that the White Whale was known as Teacher Deoksoo, I immediately tried to find his whereabouts but hit a wall. It was as if he had erased all his traces and disappeared from the world. Ultimately, I found the last person he met."

"Who is that?"

Chief Kim Sangguk's adam's apple bobbed significantly.

"Kim Namcheon, who was known as the king of the media."

* * *

[Breaking news.]

The anchor's voice was filled with urgency.

[Son Kangwook, the second son of Chairman Son Jangwon of the Jeil Group and the former executive director of Jeil Trading, has been temporarily appointed to the vacant position of president of Jeil Electronics. This is seen as a firm determination by the board of directors to stabilize the group's structure, which was shaken by the current vacancy of President Son Ilsung of Jeil Electronics. Similar temporary presidential appointments occurred during the foreign exchange crisis. However, this appointment to the presidency of Jeil Electronics, rather than Jeil Trading, is an unusual result. Let's discuss this with an economic expert.]

The car radio was broadcasting the news.

The urgent tone of the anchor's voice left a bitter taste in my mouth. After all, Son Kangwook had made the first move. And he had directly advanced to the presidency of Jeil Electronics.

This meant he had won the power struggle against the currently detained President Son Ilsung.

Even though the presidency of Jeil Electronics was temporary, its influence would be immense.

Tsk.

As I clicked my tongue inwardly, the car was passing through Daegu and entering Gyeongsan, North Gyeongsang Province.

Kim Namcheon.

This was the second time I saw the nameplate. Next to the large gate was a long wall, reminiscent of a magistrate's residence.

Who would have thought I would come here again? I took a deep breath and stepped toward the gate.

"Come in, I already heard from Chairman Yoo."

"I'm sorry for dropping by unannounced, sir."

"No, I've been eager to see you too."

Kim Namcheon, dressed in pure white traditional Korean clothing, came out to greet me.

We sat face to face in the reception room where I had visited with my grandfather before.

His seasoned gaze made the cool air feel suffocating, as if I were in a sauna.

"I have prepared some fine tea myself. Please have a cup."

"Thank you, sir."

After taking a sip to wet my lips, he spoke.

"So, what brings you to see me?"

"Sir, I will get straight to the point. Do you know someone called Teacher Deoksoo?"

"Teacher Deoksoo…."

Kim Namcheon seemed to ponder for a moment before putting down his teacup.

"Are you talking about the White Whale of Gwangyang?"

"Yes, sir. I must meet him."

"The White Whale of Gwangyang?"

Kim Namcheon looked at me with surprise. After all, there was no connection between me and the White Whale of Gwangyang.

It was then that he showed a playful smile.

"Without any compensation?"

Tsk.

I knew it. Kim Namcheon was a person who never engaged in a deal that wasn't beneficial to him.

"If there's something you need, please let me know."

"I don't know why you are looking for the White Whale of Gwangyang. I'm not even curious. However, the White Whale of Gwangyang is someone who does not like to reveal himself. I have also made a pact with him, so I can't carelessly disclose his whereabouts. How much do you think my promise is worth?"

"Would ten billion be enough?"

Kim Namcheon's eyes widened. Of course, to him, ten billion might be a small amount, but he probably never expected me to mention ten billion.

There was no need to haggle pointlessly with Kim Namcheon. Winning his favor with a bold amount was more important.

But Kim Namcheon soon shook his head.

"That's too little."

Damn it!

How could ten billion be insufficient to find someone's whereabouts? And he even called it "too little."

I felt like storming out, but Kim Namcheon was the only way to find Teacher Deoksoo's location. Moreover, time was running out.

It was then.

"Then let me make another proposal."

"Yes?"

"I will tell you the whereabouts of the White Whale of Gwangyang, and in return, you must meet one condition of mine. How about it, isn't it simple?"

What on earth was he planning to propose? Kim Namcheon was not someone who would make a deal that didn't benefit him.

Kim Namcheon took a sip of tea and looked at me with snake-like eyes.

"Get engaged to my great-granddaughter."