---
title: Chapter 202
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:22
tags:
---


“South Korea is in quite a state.”

The reason why Barbara Tannenbaum, the chairwoman of Barbara Group, was interested in South Korea was simple. It was because it was Kang Hyun's homeland.

“Tanya, you mentioned a succession battle?”

“Yes, Madam Barbara. After Chairman Son Jangwon, who reigned as an absolute authority within the Daeil Group, collapsed, his eldest and second sons have clashed over the successor position. Currently, it seems the second son, Son Gangwook, has the upper hand.”

“No matter where you go, blood relations become useless in the face of money. Wasn't it the eldest son who had ties with Hyun?”

Tanya gave a short nod.

“Yes. Kang Hyun has a close relationship with the eldest son, Son Ilsung's daughter. The woman you saw in the U.S. was Son Ilsung's daughter, Son Yooha.”

“Indeed, they were a very well-matched couple.”

Hadn't she seen the two in the garden of Juilliard School of Music? Barbara had even described them as more beautiful than gold. But at this rate, even such a beautiful love seemed likely to crumble.

“What are the chances that the side supporting President Son Ilsung will gain the upper hand in the succession structure?”

“Initially, the second son, Son Gangwook, was not as well-known compared to the eldest son, Son Ilsung. However, it seems he has been preparing extensively below the surface, with capabilities no less than the eldest son. Right after Chairman Son Jangwon collapsed, it felt as if he had been waiting for this moment, moving as if he had honed his skills for a long time. It seems that even President Son Ilsung will not easily unravel this crisis.”

“Ho, is that so?”

Isn't it intriguing? Barbara had never taken much interest in Asian companies initially. But she had heard the name Daeil Group many times. It was a company looking beyond Asia toward the world.

“How is Hyun moving?”

“According to the information we obtained, he has paused his activities as a violinist and maestro and is leading a normal college life. However, he has also been secretly contacting major figures in the Korean business world. It appears he might be trying to help President Son Ilsung.”

“Tanya, do you think Hyun can aid President Son Ilsung?”

“As you know, Madam Barbara, Hyun is a mysterious figure. He has achieved inexplicable results in the mining business and the investment sector. Moreover, President Son Ilsung is someone Hyun has every reason to help. However, it is hard to predict how he will fare against Son Gangwook, who has fully prepared.”

Indeed, isn't there a saying that the arm bends inward? Since it was the father of the woman he loved, it was natural for him to help.

Barbara felt somewhat disappointed. If he had asked her for help, she would have supported him in every way possible, but Hyun hadn’t contacted her at all.

No, it could be thought differently. It was a confidence that he could break through this crisis on his own.

Considering the appearances Hyun had shown so far, hadn't he made the impossible possible?

“I’m curious.”

Barbara said while shaking her wine glass.

“How things will unfold from now on.”

* * *

“What?”

My voice unconsciously rose. To be asked to enter an engagement with his great-granddaughter.

“Why, do you dislike it?”

“Sir, it seems too excessive to exchange for the residence of Deoksoo teacher. Moreover, your great-granddaughter might not like me.”

“What nonsense, my great-granddaughter likes you very much. She owns all of the albums of Kang Hyun, the violinist and maestro. She even flies over whenever you have a performance; she’s a passionate fan.”

Kim Namchun's face was full of determination. It was absurd. Not only did he refuse ten billion, but he also offered an engagement as a price. That was when.

“Ha ha, your face is quite a sight.”

“What?”

“I just threw it out there as a joke. But I never expected you to be so troubled. Even for someone like me, many conglomerates offer treasures to become part of Kim Namchun’s family. Moreover, I was trying to pair you with the great-granddaughter I like and cherish the most. Anyone else would have cried tears of joy.”

Indeed, wasn't Kim Namchun called the king of the media in his youth? That nickname still held. Becoming part of Kim Namchun's family would mean having unparalleled power in Korea. But.

“Right, you already have the granddaughter of Chairman Son. It’s a pity. If I had met you before Chairman Son, I would have tried to mark you somehow. Sigh.”

I was about to show an embarrassed smile.

“You were curious about the residence of the Gwangyang White Whale?”

“Yes, sir.”

“This time, I'll just tell you.”

It was unexpected. But I couldn’t help but be tense. Kim Namchun was never one to make a loss in business.

“The price is to come and chat with me whenever I want.”

“Chat?”

“Yes, being old and living in the countryside can be quite lonely at times. Having a conversation with a sharp young man like you is quite enjoyable. I'll contact the Gwangyang White Whale and have him sent to Chairman Yoo’s house in Pyeongchang-dong. That friend owes me a lot, so he will probably accept this request.”

Isn't it a groundbreaking deal? By just talking, I could meet with the Gwangyang White Whale. Moreover, Kim Namchun said he would send the Gwangyang White Whale directly to the Pyeongchang-dong house. By the time the tea in the cup had emptied.

“Sir, may I ask one last question?”

“You're very greedy, aren't you? No one has asked me so many questions before. Go ahead.”

“What are the chances that Son Gangwook will win in the current succession battle within the Daeil Group?”

Kim Namchun showed a faint smile as if he had expected it.

“Forty percent.”

* * *

Anonymous tips related to the accounting fraud of Jeil Electronics are pouring into the prosecution. These tips have been distributed not only to the prosecution but also to various media outlets anonymously. Regarding this, current Jeil Electronics President Son Gangwook has declared that he will do everything in his power to severely punish those involved in this accounting fraud.

The news was filled with stories related to the Daeil Group.

No matter how much I thought about it, there were a lot of things I couldn't understand. What exactly had caused the future to change?

I couldn't focus on my music work because my mind was so troubled.

‘What has changed from the past life?’

Isn't it commonly called the butterfly effect? From the start, my gaining musical fame was different from my past life. Moreover, I had formed relationships with great figures worldwide, including Barbara, the chairwoman of a U.S. company.

Decisively.

‘Chairman Wang did not retire.’

In my past life, Chairman Wang definitely stepped down from management as we entered the millennium.

But this life was different. His will to manage was firm. His health was also vastly different from my past life when he decided to retire.

‘Why did he decide to retire in my past life?’

Chairman Wang retired as soon as we entered the year 2000. He passed away within five years of retirement, so it was considered that he held his management rights for the longest time in the business world.

However, this life was different. While deeply pondering the differences between my past life and this life.

Could it be?

A hypothesis popped into my head.

“Grandfather.”

In my past life, my grandfather passed away in 1999. I was in my third year of high school at the time and had never seen my grandfather.

I was a disgraceful child who spent less than thirty minutes at the funeral because my studies were more important than my grandfather's eternal rest. Now, it seemed like the puzzle was coming together.

“Chairman Wang retired because of Grandpa.”

Chairman Wang's decision to retire was due to my grandfather's death. But in this life, the history had utterly changed.

My grandfather had recovered his health and continued to manage the Dongju Chemical as its chairman.

Consequently, Chairman Wang also had no thoughts of stepping down from the chairman position of Daeil Group.

Because of this, the second son, Son Gangwook, revealed himself. All the pieces fit together, and it felt like cold water was poured over my head.

* * *

My mind was filled with thoughts. I found it hard to accept that I was the cause of all these events.

To shake off my thoughts, I sat at my desk and started writing the musical score.

As the staves filled with notes, I felt a sense of peace.

By the time dawn had turned to morning, I didn’t attend the breakfast table. I couldn’t bear to face my grandfather.

Splash.

I washed my face. The thoughts washed away with the running water. How much time had passed?

“Kang Hyun, you have a visitor.”

The housekeeper called for me early in the morning.

It wasn't long after my grandfather and father had left for work. I never expected a visitor at this hour.

I removed the towel from around my neck and went downstairs.

“Are you the young man named Kang Hyun?”

He was a middle-aged man in ordinary clothes. However, his eyes were unusual. The look in his eyes behind the rimless glasses was sharp like a gladiator in the Colosseum.

It felt the same as when I faced strong criminals in the Western Prosecutors' Office in my past life. Although I hadn’t slept at all, my drowsiness disappeared in an instant.

“Did you search for me so desperately?”

“Yes?”

“I received a call from Mr. Kim Namchun to go to Pyeongchang-dong.”

My throat bobbed hard.

“Are you Deoksoo 德水 teacher?”

“You know my name well. Most people just call me the White Whale of Gwangyang. Yes, I am Deoksoo Teacher. If it weren't for my debt to Mr. Kim Namchun, I wouldn't have come to meet you. What is it that you want to ask me?”

There were mountains of things I wanted to ask. How was he related to Chairman Wang, and why did Chairman Wang want me to find Deoksoo Teacher? But when I saw Deoksoo Teacher’s appearance, I had a question.

“I'm sorry, but are you really Deoksoo Teacher?”

“Yes, I am.”

“Do you know Chairman Son Jangwon?”

Deoksoo Teacher nodded as if it was natural.

“Of course, I know him well.”

“Really?”

“Yes, who in Korea doesn't know Chairman Son Jangwon of the Daeil Group? I hear he's bedridden now? It's causing quite a stir in Korea. Even though I'm in the mountains, I can hear it. I bet the homeless at Seoul Station all know about it.”

I couldn't understand at all. According to my grandfather, Deoksoo Teacher played a mentor-like role to Chairman Wang.

But now he was talking as if he didn’t know him at all. And that wasn’t all.

“Excuse me, but how old are you this year?”

“You ask a lot for a first meeting. I am sixty-one this year.”

He was too young.