---
title: Chapter 203
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:23
tags:
---


“Lawyer, nice to meet you―!”

Son Kangwook stood up with a faint smile.

“It’s been a long time, President Son Kangwook.”

“It's awkward to be called president now, after being called executive director my whole life. Hahaha.”

“What is the reason you called me here?”

The lawyer, with his hair white as snow, was an old man. He had been Chairman Wang's exclusive lawyer for many years and was one of the people who knew the most secrets about Jeil Group.

Although he was not officially part of Jeil Group's legal team, people treated him with the same respect as if he were the chairman’s exclusive lawyer.

Therefore, none of the executives at Jeil Group could treat him carelessly.

“It seems Lawyer Wang still dislikes lengthy conversations as much as ever. Let me get straight to the point. I called you regarding my father’s inheritance.”

“That’s odd. The chairman hasn’t passed away yet, so why talk about inheritance?”

“As you know, my father’s health is currently not good, and neither is Jeil Group's financial situation. My older brother is in custody as well. In such a situation, it would be wise to clarify the issue of shares. However, only you, Lawyer Wang, know about the share arrangements, as my father has always been very secretive.”

The old lawyer replied with unwavering eyes.

“Even if I know that fact, I am not obliged to tell President Son Kangwook.”

“This is why I like you, Lawyer Wang. You never bow your head to anyone. However, isn’t there the legal concept of compulsory inheritance? If my father never gets up from his sickbed, eventually there will be a dispute over the right to compulsory inheritance, and if that happens, Jeil Group will naturally come into my hands. Even if my father left a will stating all of Jeil Group’s shares go to my brother, you understand this as a lawyer, right?”

“I understand. In the event of an inheritance, even if there is a will, direct descendants can claim their rightful share through a legal dispute. But President Son Kangwook, it seems you know one thing but not the other.”

Confusion showed in Son Kangwook's eyes.

“What do you mean?”

“The shares that the chairman holds are already insignificant within Jeil Group.”

“……!”

He couldn’t understand. Jeil Group’s Chairman Son Jangwon had never transferred his management rights to anyone.

He had practically run the company like a dictatorship.

Could it be that he had already transferred all the shares to his eldest son, Son Ilsung?

At that moment, the old lawyer seemed to read Son Kangwook's thoughts and spoke up.

“Rest assured. The chairman would never transfer his shares to his eldest son while he is alive.”

“Are you saying he transferred them to a third party?”

“That’s correct. Under the compulsory inheritance system, gifts to others within a year are included. But the chairman has been gradually transferring his shares to a third party over a long period. He must have anticipated such a situation. A few years ago, the third party who received the shares began managing the company on behalf of the chairman, including attending general meetings.”

Son Kangwook felt as if cold water was being poured over his head. According to his investigation, all the shares were directed towards his father.

It was only natural. Jeil Group’s Chairman Son Jangwon was not someone who would let anyone take what was his.

“President Son Kangwook, let me say just one thing.”

Lost in thought, the old lawyer glanced at Son Kangwook before calmly speaking.

“The reason I accepted your invitation today and revealed this is simple. I hope you will not do anything useless to the chairman, who is lying sick, thinking about inheritance. It is already out of your hands.”

* * *

What on earth.

His mind felt entangled like a ball of yarn.

The person sitting in front of him, Gwangyang Baekgorae, also known as Teacher Deoksu, had no connection to Chairman Wang.

“Are you saying you have never met Chairman Son?”

“Young man, you are so suspicious. How many times do I have to say no?”

“Is it really true?”

Teacher Deoksu, with his flatfish-like eyes, showed a displeased expression.

Even after asking again, the answer was the same. Only then could he admit it.

Damn it!

He had been barking up the wrong tree. The Teacher Deoksu that Chairman Wang had mentioned to his grandfather and Gwangyang Baekgorae were not the same person.

He wondered if he was being lied to, but it was clear he wasn’t. Somehow, he had become even better at reading people's minds than during his past life as a prosecutor.

At that moment.

“Could it be.”

Teacher Deoksu scratched his head and spoke.

“Are you talking about my master?”

“What?”

“If it’s my master, he might have met Chairman Son. But why isn’t there any tea and snacks here?”

As soon as he finished speaking, a housekeeper brought out a tea tray. Teacher Deoksu took a biscuit and took a big bite, showing a pleased expression.

Despite his sharp eyes, he looked like quite an eccentric character.

“What do you mean by master?”

“I mean exactly what I said, my master. You are curious about the meeting between Teacher Deoksu and Chairman Son of Jeil Group, right?”

“Yes, but.”

“Then you should definitely look for my master. You completely missed the mark. Although I am called Teacher Deoksu, I am only borrowing my master’s name.”

What?

“The reason I, who was Gwangyang Baekgorae, live under the name Teacher Deoksu is because of my master. My master told me to live under his name for exactly twenty years. So, instead of the name Baekgorae, I am called Teacher Deoksu.”

“So, your master’s name is Teacher Deoksu?”

“That’s right. Normally, I wouldn’t tell you this, but since the promised twenty years are over and Elder Kim Namchun asked me to cooperate with you in everything, I’m telling you.”

Teacher Deoksu continued to speak while eating the biscuit.

“So, don’t look for information in the wrong places and go find my master. It's not easy to find him because he moves around a lot. Despite his age, he is healthier than I am. He is probably living a hermit’s life in some nameless mountain right now.”

“Where is your master?”

“I told you.”

At that moment, Teacher Deoksu put down the biscuit.

“I don’t know either.”

* * *

The maestro’s fingertips pointed toward the sky.

Spencer's sharp eyes scanned the orchestra members, who responded by creating a beautiful melody.

Though it was just a rehearsal, it was as thrilling as the actual performance.

One member of the audience, sitting in the seats, smiled faintly.

“It was a wonderful performance, maestro.”

“You flatter me.”

After the rehearsal, Spencer greeted a guest. Unlike usual, his expression was filled with tension.

It was only natural. The person in front of him was none other than the legendary maestro, the Empress Karas.

“I heard you are looking for a guest conductor, maestro.”

“It’s because of my ailing shoulder.”

“May I fill that vacancy?”

Spencer's eyes widened in surprise. He never imagined that the Empress Karas would apply to be a guest conductor.

After all, she was welcomed with open arms by any orchestra around the world.

“I don’t understand your decision, Maestro Karas. When we heard you would be attending today’s rehearsal, not only I but also all the members were very nervous. Your reputation is sky-high, after all. But a guest conductor? If you wanted, you could become the permanent conductor of Berlin.”

“I have been on the path of retirement for a long time. All the orchestras around the world already have their own permanent conductors. I thought it would be inappropriate to take their place. Then I noticed that the London Symphony was looking for a guest conductor.”

“Not only our London Symphony but also New York and Chicago are looking for guest conductors. May I ask why you specifically chose our London Symphony?”

The return of Empress Karas alone would excite classical music fans worldwide. But Spencer was a cautious man.

“Firstly, it’s because of you, maestro. Since my retirement, many maestros have gained fame. Among them, I think you, the heart of the London Symphony, are the most maestro-like.”

“You flatter me.”

“Secondly, it’s because of a certain child.”

“A child?”

“A child who breathed new life into me is with the London Symphony. That child will join the London Symphony soon. Instead of waiting for that moment, I chose to act first.”

Only then did Spencer nod in understanding.

Indeed, meeting that child would give anyone inspiration and energy that they couldn’t get from other musicians.

The Empress must have been drawn to that child, bringing her here.

“I want to spend the remaining years with Maestro Spencer, as part of the string audience.”

* * *

Achoo―!

He rubbed his nose. He tried to untangle the mess in his mind while drinking coffee. Another Teacher Deoksu existed. But.

‘I don’t know.’

It was just like starting another game of hide-and-seek.

Moreover, wasn’t he said to move around a lot? It was surprising enough that an old man nearing a century could move so energetically.

Moreover, the person who had nurtured both Chairman Wang of Jeil Group and Gwangyang Baekgorae.

“Could such a person really exist?”

It would be impossible unless it was a novel. Gwangyang Baekgorae seemed to know no more.

Indeed, the fact that Teacher Deoksu gave his name to Gwangyang Baekgorae was evidence that he wanted to hide his traces.

A strange person.

An ordinary description wouldn’t suffice for him.

Even if he searched all over South Korea, the chances of finding him were slim. He was someone who had hidden his existence. Even newspaper ads wouldn’t help.

“Let’s go to Pyeongchang-dong.”

In the end, the answer lay with Chairman Wang. Chief Kim Sang-guk also seemed unable to find more information about Teacher Deoksu. Kim Namchun was no different.

The only thing left was for Chairman Wang to recover.

“Hoo.”

Standing in front of the grand mansion in Pyeongchang-dong, he felt suffocated. He had done nothing with the clue Chairman Wang had left him.

At that moment.

“Young man.”

A cheerful voice came from behind.

“Yes?”

“Are you trying to enter this mansion?”

“Yes, but.”

An old man with white hair tied back in a ponytail stood there.

But his physique was impressive. He was as robust as Son Kangwook, with a straight posture that belied his age.

Moreover, his eyes were just as sharp. While Son Kangwook resembled a tiger, the old man’s eyes were like those of a dragon.

“Then let’s go together.”

To the mansion in Pyeongchang-dong?

“Do you have an appointment here? This isn’t a place you can enter freely.”

“Hey, does a master need an appointment to see his disciple? Especially an arrogant disciple who fell ill before his master. I'm going to give him a good scolding if he doesn’t get up soon.”

At that moment, his throat bobbed up and down involuntarily.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

