---
title: Chapter 208
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:28
tags:
---


"Taking a leave of absence?"

The assistant in the department office asked back in surprise.

"Yes, sir. I want to apply for a leave of absence."

"No, wait. Kang Hyun, I've heard from the professors that your midterm grades are quite good. Why are you suddenly taking a leave?"

"It just turned out that way."

The assistant still looked puzzled.

It was understandable since not only had I been the top student in the department in the first semester, but I also showed exceptional skills in the midterms this semester.

If things continued like this, being the top student in the first year wouldn't have been difficult. Moreover, it wasn't even the end of the semester yet.

"Why don't you reconsider? In a few months, it will be winter break. Wouldn't it be too wasteful to take a leave now? If it's because of your public performances or broadcasting activities, the professors can consider them for attendance."

"I think I need to go abroad, so attending classes normally at school will be difficult."

"Abroad?"

The assistant looked full of regret. It wasn't just him. Even the head of the German language department and the professors were trying to dissuade me from taking a leave.

The person who opposed the most was none other than Professor Jung from the law department.

"What? Suddenly taking a leave of absence?!"

"I plan to work as a violinist abroad. Although it will be for a short time, it was a pleasure learning law from you, Professor. I apologize for missing the quiz last time."

"No need to apologize. If it were you, you could have solved my quiz with your eyes closed. But suddenly taking a leave? I didn't even wish for you to transfer, but taking a leave? How about considering becoming an exchange student instead?"

"I thought about being an exchange student, but there wasn't a university I particularly wanted to go to."

Of course, I had considered being an exchange student.

However, at the universities in London, the only subjects I could learn were in the same fields of language studies and business.

As a violinist, language and business studies would no longer be helpful to me. It was then that Professor Jung suggested.

"What about the Royal Academy of Music?"

"Professor, with all due respect, the Royal Academy of Music doesn't accept exchange students. Besides, I'm not a music student, I'm a language student."

"That's for regular students. You have a unique social standing and experience. The Royal Academy of Music is known for its high standards, but it might work out. I will talk to the president myself. I'm saying this because it's a pity to see you stop your studies. It's not because of your talent as a law student, but because of you as a person."

I never thought Professor Jung thought so highly of me. To him, I was just another undergrad student.

In my previous life, I had taken his class but never built such a bond. On the contrary, I remembered disliking him for being known as a tough grader.

At that moment, Professor Jung patted my shoulder and said.

"You will do well wherever you go."

No matter how I thought about it, I had incredible luck with people in this life.

* * *

A subtle scent of ink wafted in the air.

"It's exquisite."

It was a famous tea made by renowned tea masters in China. It was so expensive that just a few grams cost millions of won, and it wasn't something anyone could easily get.

Chairman Wang wet his dry lips with the tea as he waited for his guest.

"Have you been waiting long, grandfather?"

At that moment, the long-awaited guest arrived.

A natural smile appeared on the face of Chairman Wang, known for his unchanging expression.

Kang Hyun sat across from Chairman Wang as if he were greeting his own grandfather.

"You're going to study abroad?"

"Yes, it seems I'll be living in London. I'm planning to return to music. I've been away from the violin for a long time."

"I'm sure you'll prepare well, but is there anything specific you'd like me to do for you?"

"A request? I would appreciate it if you could stay healthy and keep my grandfather company while I'm gone."

Chairman Wang found Hyun's maturity impressive for his age.

Their first meeting had been anything but ordinary. Not only did Hyun possess deep insight, but he also predicted the financial crisis.

Chairman Wang had met many talented people, but none as unique as Hyun.

Moreover, Hyun seemed to hide his abilities as if he didn't want to show off.

"Aren't you curious about what's happening with the Jeil Group?"

"If I say I'm curious, will you tell me everything?"

"Why not? You've helped me a lot."

"Actually, I'm more curious about the relationship between you and Deoksoo, rather than the Jeil Group."

Chairman Wang chuckled. Of course, Hyun would already have a good grasp of what was happening with the Jeil Group.

"My first meeting with my mentor was when I first came down from North Hamgyong to Seoul. Right after the war, Seoul was in ruins, and I went through a lot. I thought I'd seen everything in North Hamgyong, but I was scammed multiple times in Seoul. It was then, when I was penniless, that I met my mentor. He looked like a mysterious figure even back then."

The meeting between Chairman Wang and Teacher Deoksoo was extraordinary from the start. Teacher Deoksoo had spoken to Chairman Wang as if he could see his future.

"My mentor told me boldly that he would build a foundation for me and asked if I had the confidence to conquer Korea. I said, of course, I did. At first, I thought he was joking, dressed like a shabby Taoist, but he really taught me a lot. Especially during the military regime, I greatly benefited from my mentor."

"What benefits did you receive?"

"Let's see, I can't tell you that for free. If you make a promise with me, I'll tell you."

What kind of promise was he talking about? Chairman Wang leaned forward and looked at Hyun.

His experienced eyes seemed to read Hyun's inner thoughts.

Chairman Wang took a sip of tea and spoke quietly.

"I want you to take over the Jeil Group in the future."

* * *

"Sir, it's truly an honor!"

The journalist from the domestic music magazine stood up abruptly. His face was full of admiration.

It was understandable since he was interviewing the world-renowned Maestro Kara. Being able to interview Maestro Kara in person felt like a dream.

"No, I'm overwhelmed by such a warm welcome. By the way, your German is very fluent."

"I studied in Munich during my college days. I spent my school days listening to your records. I never expected you to agree to this interview so readily. May I ask the reason for your sudden visit to Korea?"

"Of course. I'm giving a comeback performance in London. I came to Korea personally to give the ticket to Hyun."

"Hyun? Do you mean the violinist Hyun?"

Kara nodded with a gentle smile.

"There's a rumor that violinist Hyun is your student. The classical music scene in Korea was quite abuzz because of that rumor."

"A student? Not at all."

"He's not your student?"

"Our relationship is so special that it can't be described with the words 'teacher and student.' In a way, we could be friends, or you could say we share a musical bond. It was thanks to Hyun that I was able to pick up the baton again."

The journalist's pen moved busily. Every word she said was a scoop.

"Your appointment as a guest conductor of the London Symphony is already widely known worldwide. Is violinist Hyun part of the reason you chose the London Symphony?"

"Of course. His music will only be complete with the London Symphony. And I look forward to the day I can enjoy Hyun's music as an audience member."

"As an audience member?"

"Many people are amazed by Hyun's musical talent. But I see him as still in the early stages. The musical world of Hyun we've encountered so far is just the tip of the iceberg. When his vast musical world is fully revealed, we will hear the true essence of Hyun's melody."

It was not just praise but high praise. Had any Korean musician ever received such glowing praise from a world-renowned maestro?

The journalist felt his heart pounding wildly. He quickly tried to calm his heart and hurriedly turned his notebook.

There was still plenty of time left for the interview, but he had so many questions to ask that he felt pressed for time.

* * *

"Let's drink and die―!"

Kim Daewoo loudly raised his beer mug. Thanks to Kim Daewoo, the class president and self-proclaimed social butterfly, all the students from the German language department gathered for the farewell party.

I never imagined so many people would gather because of me. They even rented out the entire pub, so it was quite a scene.

"Drink up, let's die" echoed several times as the toasts went around. The drinking party was in full swing, and some students' faces were already as red as ripe persimmons.

At that moment, Kim Daewoo stood up and tapped his beer glass with a spoon.

"Now, let's hear a farewell speech from our proud Millennium Classmate, future renowned maestro and star, Kang Hyun!"

It was an embarrassing situation, but for some reason, I didn't dislike it. It made me feel like I was truly 20 years old at that moment.

In the pub, with all eyes on me, I stood up.

I saw the friends I had gotten to know while attending school. Thanks to Kim Daewoo, who was a social butterfly, I was able to become friends with them.

"Thank you all for coming here because of me. I'm not completely leaving the school; think of it as taking one step towards my dream. I'll always remember that I'm a 00 student of the German Language Department at Korea University. So then."

I raised my beer mug.

"Let's drink and die today. It's on me―!"

The sound of beer mugs clinking echoed everywhere. It was as beautiful as the ringing of a triangular triangle.

I drank with my classmates whom I had gotten to know. I couldn't count how many drinks I received from seniors I had never even properly greeted before. Since I became young again, I don't think I've drunk this much.

"Hyun, I'm really jealous of you."

It was when the intoxication had reached its peak. Kim Daewoo, who resembled a bear, looked at me with bleary eyes.

"What are you jealous of?"

"Man, what you said earlier. Taking a step towards your dream. How romantic is that? These days, I'm already feeling pressured at home. What are you going to do after graduation, they ask. My mother tells me to get a job at a large company, and my father, probably because of the financial crisis, tells me to consider becoming a public servant just in case. My grandfather says, 'How can a Korea University graduate become a public servant?' and gets furious. Honestly, I don't know what's right."

"Daewoo, you should do what you want to do."

"What I want to do?"

Kim Daewoo rubbed his nose and added.

"Actually, I've had a dream since I was young. To be a manager of a star!"

"A manager?"

"Yeah, a manager of a star. My cousin is a medical student, and he said he really wants to be a doctor for a soccer team. But for some reason, I wanted to be a manager. A supporter who helps a star from the side without getting the spotlight. It feels like I'm directly making a star, and it feels good, right?"

At that moment, I replied without thinking.

"Then be my manager someday."

Was it because of the intoxication? It was a casual response, but Kim Daewoo asked back, "Really?" with a serious tone.

When I answered affirmatively, the bear-like Kim Daewoo smiled and buried his head on the table. Many students had already passed out from drinking too much.

I didn't know back then. That Kim Daewoo would really become my manager in the future.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

