---
title: Chapter 21
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:21
tags:
---


“It's a drop!”

Chairman Wang shouted as he watched the golf ball sucked into the water hazard. Who would have thought that the chairman of the top-ranked conglomerate would be so excited over a lunch bet?

Grandfather shook his head and moved on, amused by Chairman Wang's elated reaction.

Nonetheless, the landscaping here is still superb. You might mistake it for a famous landscape painting rather than a golf course.

This place was a country club located in Gapyeong. In truth, it was more accurate to call it a private club since the general public couldn’t even dream of playing a round here.

Given that Chairman Wang had personally invested in this golf course, the prices of the ancient trees were as high as the cost of a decent house. There were even rumors that selling the trees from Gapyeong Country Club could sustain three generations without worry.

This was also a place that Son Ilsung would visit with his executives in the future. Over time, the upper class would be able to access it, but for now, even Son Ilsung couldn’t come and go freely without Chairman Wang’s permission. One unique aspect of this place was...

“Hyun, are your legs not tired?”

There were no golf carts. The caddies pushed semi-automatic carts to assist the game, and everyone else had to walk the entire course.

“No, I’m fine!”

And indeed, it was true. The scenery was as magnificent as the natural wonders, given that Chairman Wang had put his heart and soul into it.

Oddly twisted old pine trees seemed to be watching the course like immortals. The bridge over a pond full of blooming lotuses made one feel as if they were dreaming.

How much effort had I put in just to play a round here in my past life?

“Chairman Yoo, you are fortunate.”

Chairman Wang passed by, patting my head.

“Hyun is so mature. Our Yooha throws such tantrums whenever we bring her here because she finds it boring.”

After all, she’s still a child. This place, so coveted by the upper class in Korea, was so exclusive that even golf pros said it was tough to play a round at Gapyeong Country Club without divine intervention. It was that closed-off.

“Chairman Son, I envy you more.”

Grandfather gave a bitter smile. Chairman Wang, his close friend, would know a lot without needing to be told.

“Old man, I’m actually more worried. I’m concerned that after I die, Ilsung might exclude his siblings. Though he pretends to be gentle on the surface, the moment I let go of the reins, he’ll pounce to take over Jeil.”

Chairman Wang’s foresight was indeed remarkable. Just as he said, after his passing, Son Ilsung started pruning the management structure of Jeil Group.

“It looks like he’s already preparing for succession. He’s planning to send his only daughter to study abroad. Yooha also wants to go. You know, her mother is in France.”

Study abroad?

Come to think of it, around this time, Son Ilsung’s wife was studying art in France. It was unimaginable for a conglomerate’s daughter-in-law, but Chairman Wang’s free-spirited personality allowed it.

“But recently Yooha has flatly said she doesn’t want to study abroad. Ilsung was quite taken aback. No matter how young she is, he didn’t expect her to change her mind so easily.”

At that moment, Chairman Wang glanced at me. His eyes seemed strange.

“She’ll be angry if she finds out we came to Gapyeong without her. Haha.”

* * *

Sizzle.

Dakgalbi (spicy stir-fried chicken) was grilling nicely on the hot plate.

It was curious that the lunch bet among the conglomerates was just dakgalbi, but I was hungry, so anything was welcome. The restaurant, set up like a mountain villa, was empty except for us.

“The youngest will take over the department store sector. The child has a knack for it.”

“Haha. Did Ilsung easily give in? Wasn’t it thanks to that child that the crown prince came last time? He’s not one to hand over credit easily, so it seems he’s taken charge of JeSaeng.”

Listening attentively, the conversation at the table was anything but ordinary.

If outsiders heard, they’d think the old men had gone senile, talking about a subsidiary as if it were a child’s toy. But that aside...

‘So that’s how Son Ilsung took over Jeil Life Insurance.’

There’s a saying that owning an insurance company changes the game. No other subsidiary could match Jeil Life Insurance in land ownership and capital circulation. It was like giving away flesh to gain bones.

Perhaps this was when Son Ilsung began gradually taking control of Jeil Group.

“Hyun, what would you like?”

Chairman Wang asked with a subtle smile.

“From Dongju, I mean.”

Dongju?

Dongju Chemical had several departments. Although it didn’t have subsidiaries like Jeil Group, each sector had a different level of importance. Considering the future, definitely...

“Haha, a talent too good to be just for music.”

Huh?

“Isn’t that right, Chairman Yoo? Look at him pondering. The boy is indeed something.”

Oops.

Without realizing it, I had deeply pondered Chairman Wang’s question. Chairman Wang looked at me with curiosity, and Grandfather smiled contentedly.

Be careful! If I didn’t stay alert, I’d fall for Chairman Wang’s tricks.

“Chairman Yoo, remember the favor you asked me?”

What’s this now?

“The Japanese side urgently contacted me after seeing that video. It must have been quite a shock. Even the crown prince requested the video. Mr. Hirose wants to meet Hyun.”

No way.

“Chairman Son, do you mean Hirose, the Empress of Violin?”

Chairman Wang nodded briefly.

I knew about Hirose. Known as the Empress of Violin and the Queen of Strings, she was a towering figure in the Japanese classical music scene.

She was a celebrated hero in Japan. Sadly, by the time I became interested in classical music, I couldn’t see her solo performances. She had already passed away.

Just then, the makguksu (buckwheat noodles) arrived. Grandfather said no more. Though my mind was filled with questions, I had no way of knowing since he wouldn’t tell me.

As time passed and the rich chicken broth was nearly gone,

“Hyun.”

Grandfather looked at me intently. He wanted to provide everything for me. Perhaps he felt indebted for being harsh on my mother.

“Have you thought about studying abroad?”

Kang Hyun had too much talent to be kept by his side, pretending not to know.

* * *

“Spencer, are you here?”

Samuel sought out the orchestra early in the morning. It was because Spencer, the principal conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra, had urgently contacted him the previous night.

He had abruptly asked, “Did you go to Korea because of Jeil Group?” and though Samuel answered, it was still puzzling.

“The Maestro is not here right now.”

Contrary to expectations, Spencer was nowhere to be seen. Instead, concertmaster Dmitri came out and courteously received Samuel.

“Dmitri, Spencer isn’t here? I thought he’d be busy with rehearsal for the next performance.”

“Well, there’s some time before the next performance, so he’s away for a bit.”

It didn’t make sense. Spencer was obsessively dedicated to rehearsals. Even Gramophone magazine named him the most meticulous conductor.

For Spencer to leave the orchestra without reason?

Unbelievable.

“Is there something important?”

Samuel was concerned. Spencer wasn’t one to share his innermost thoughts, even with close friends.

Dmitri, with his characteristic stoic expression, shook his head.

“I don’t know the details, but he left a brief message that he’d be away for a few days.”

The most frustrated person was Dmitri. As the concertmaster, he oversaw the orchestra, but without the conductor, he naturally felt uneasy.

The orchestra members felt the same. Without rigorous practice, they risked falling out of favor with Spencer.

At that moment.

A continuous violin melody could be heard.

Samuel and Dmitri, as if entranced, walked towards the source of the melody. They ended up at...

“The conductor’s room?”

Just as Dmitri was about to knock, the door opened slightly. Busy as he was, Spencer must have forgotten to lock it.

When Samuel nodded briefly, Dmitri resolutely pushed the door wide open. Inside...

Buzz.

Accompanied by the violin melody,

“A young gentleman?”

Kang Hyun was performing on the screen. The videotape from last night seemed to be on continuous playback.

The owner was absent, and only the video was playing. What’s going on? Samuel and Dmitri exchanged glances.

Could it be?

* * *

“Grandpa, you’re mean.”

The Pyeongchang-dong mansion was filled with Son Yooha’s grumbling. Early in the morning, Chairman Wang had gone to Gapyeong without her. Normally, she’d refuse to go, but today was different.

“He didn’t even tell me that Hyun oppa was going!”

Son Ilsung’s secretary, who had unexpectedly taken on the role of babysitter, was sweating profusely. Son Yooha’s personality was incomparable to other children.

Not only was she brilliant, but also incredibly prickly, rivaling any adult. The only saving grace was her respect for elders.

Such a child turned into a docile lamb in front of Kang Hyun. It was truly a mystery.

“I want to go out!”

Lately, Son Yooha had taken a keen interest in snacks. Before the secretary could stop her, she had already moved outside the garden. Despite her short legs, she was astonishingly fast. A moment of distraction, and she could be lost in the vast mansion.

“Yooha, can’t you ask the housekeeper for snacks?”

In this mansion, a mere word could summon deluxe handmade snacks and even royal delicacies.

But Son Yooha, with her excessive desire for achievement, preferred to obtain things with her own hands.

‘Sigh.’

The secretary sighed inwardly and signaled the guards. Just in case, to prepare for any unforeseen situation. Then it happened.

“Huh?”

Instead of heading to the garage where the cars were parked, Son Yooha burst through the door. The secretary, realizing too late, ran quickly. Damn, why high heels!

“Huh? Who are you, mister?”

At that moment, a foreigner with distinct features stepped out of a vehicle in front of the Pyeongchang-dong mansion.

He had a sharp look, his graying hair starkly visible. The foreigner said something to Son Yooha, who had run out of the mansion, but...

“I’m not very good at English yet.”

Unlike Kang Hyun, Son Yooha’s listening skills weren’t advanced enough to catch native-level rapid speech.

The foreigner then took a photo from his pocket. Amusingly, it was a photo of a TV screen, specifically focused on a person shown on the screen.

Huh?

“Hyun oppa?”

When Son Yooha recognized the person in the photo, her eyes widened. The foreigner nodded enthusiastically. The sharp look disappeared, replaced by a broad smile like a child’s. Then he said,


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

