---
title: Chapter 212
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:32
tags:
---


"It seems to be a lack of direction."

Tommy's expression showed a hint of bewilderment. On the other hand, Professor Albert nodded briefly in agreement.

Tommy looked at me with tear-filled eyes, as if his freckles were about to fall off.

It seems I need to give a bit more explanation.

"The piece Tommy just played is Schubert's Arpeggione Sonata. Originally composed for the arpeggione, a string instrument similar to the cello, but that's not the important point here. Schubert suffered from severe depression and mental illness in the later years of his life. He even said he wished he wouldn't wake up from his dreams each morning. That intense trauma is deeply embedded in the Arpeggione Sonata."

Studying composition made it easier to understand.

Just looking at the notes on the staff was enough to see what kind of mind Schubert was in when he composed this piece.

Despair, sadness, and chaos were mixed to create a sonata of hopelessness.

Majestic yet beautiful melodies, but upon closer inspection, a desperate cry could be felt within them.

Some even described it as the scream of a woman in distress, such a tragic melody.

"Tommy has a high understanding of the piece. His bowing and the melody of the strings show his effort to understand and express Schubert's heart better than anyone else. But I think understanding the composer's heart and improving as a performer are separate issues."

"Hyun, what do you mean by separate issues?"

"Tommy, if there were a Schubert competition, your performance of the Arpeggione Sonata would undoubtedly captivate the judges instantly. But when it comes to assessing a performer's skills, I think it's different. The practice room isn't a competition stage; you don't need to perform a dead composer's piece."

It's a matter of form and direction.

Spending time with Teacher Deoksoo made me interested in fortune philosophy and destiny philosophy.

They say everything returns to its origin. Different paths might exist, but I thought music and philosophy were also in harmony.

It might be an exaggerated expression, but at this rate, Tommy might win a competition but won't progress as a musician.

"From a composer's perspective, would I really want a performer to play my piece exactly as I did hundreds of years later? I don't think so. In music, the composer is just the craftsman who creates the mold. How to fill it is up to the performer. Tommy, you probably worked tirelessly to understand Schubert's heart."

You must have practiced thousands of times. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to play the Arpeggione Sonata so perfectly.

"That's why, even though you played the Arpeggione Sonata perfectly, you didn't complete a performance that was uniquely yours. Let me ask you one thing. Tommy, do you want to become a great performer, or do you want to become Schubert?"

It was at that moment.

Clap, clap, clap, clap―!

Professor Albert clapped his hands and nodded.

"As Emanuel said, you're amazing. You instantly understood what the issue was."

"Professor, are you referring to Emanuel, the principal cellist of the London Symphony?"

"Yes, he's an old friend of mine. When he heard you were entering the Royal College of Music, he couldn't stop praising you, so I was very curious."

At that moment, Professor Albert leaned forward and asked,

"Hyun, have you ever thought about learning the cello?"

* * *

A week passed.

"Hyun, how is life at the Royal College of Music?"

At President Samuel's question, I put down my teacup.

"While I'm already familiar with the school's interior, the students' gazes are still quite harsh. It felt like being stared at as a foreigner."

"A foreigner..."

"I wanted to meet with the violin students, but as you know, it's currently the Queen Elisabeth season, so there was no time to exchange musical knowledge. The professors also seemed very busy. As a result, I ended up studying other orchestral instruments instead of the violin."

"Since you came as an exchange student in the middle of the semester, both the students and the professors probably didn't have the time to pay attention to you. As you know, the Queen Elisabeth competition holds unparalleled significance for them."

It was only natural. With a once-in-a-lifetime competition ahead, how could an exchange student catch their eye?

But there was something unexpected. After all, I was the youngest winner of the Queen Elisabeth competition.

You'd think someone would come to ask me about the Queen Elisabeth, but no one did.

Well, there wasn't much I could teach them anyway.

'Talent.'

At that time, I had won not because of flashy technique or practiced skills, but purely due to musical talent.

Compared to other contestants, who entered the competition with grand dreams, I had initially joined to get a military exemption.

"The curriculum at the Royal College of Music maximizes the autonomy of undergraduate students. Especially during competition periods, there are no group lectures, and although there might be lessons from professors, the violin students will be holed up in the practice rooms."

"Are most of the violin majors aiming for the Queen Elisabeth?"

"Of course. While you are the youngest winner of the Queen Elisabeth, it seems you don't fully grasp its prestige. For musicians, the current era is more challenging than the Middle Ages. There are many opportunities to make a name, but geniuses from all over the world gather in one place. In the classical world, having a platform to showcase one's skills is crucial. This is why many unknown musicians desperately pursue competitions. Moreover, since competitions have age limits, if they don't challenge themselves in their 20s, they lose the opportunity forever. Older students are making their final attempts."

It felt like a bucket of cold water was poured over my head. I had always thought of the Queen Elisabeth competition in a somewhat vague and beautiful way.

This was the truth that no one had told me. Of course, the masters around me no longer had any reason to be concerned about competitions.

'A chance to make a name for oneself.'

President Samuel's words made me realize how many musicians yearn to make a name for themselves.

No wonder some musicians continue chasing competitions even after achieving results.

In the classical world, unlike popular music, fame was of utmost importance.

In a way, it was only natural to chase after competitions. For them, music was life and, in some ways, livelihood.

At that moment,

"By the way, Hyun, why don't you meet Sabrina?"

"Sabrina?"

"She is considered a violin prodigy at the Royal College of Music, but she's known for not showing herself. If she were to compete, she would be an extraordinary contender, potentially winning just like you. However, for some reason, she avoids competitions and public performances altogether."

It was a name I hadn't heard before. Even upon reviewing my past memories, I couldn't recall a violinist named Sabrina.

But seeing President Samuel speak so confidently, she must not be an ordinary individual.

"If you meet Sabrina, it will undoubtedly be beneficial for both of you."

* * *

Knock, knock.

I opened the door to the sound of knocking before dawn had fully broken.

"Tommy?"

It was Tommy, who hadn't been seen for the past week.

Hadn't he been avoiding me even during meals since then? Because of that, I had to explore the school alone with only a pamphlet as my companion.

Tommy, with his freckled face and tear-filled eyes, bowed his head.

"I'm sorry, Hyun. I wanted to find you, but my petty pride prevented me."

"No, Tommy, there's no need to apologize. Just know this: I had no intention of belittling you. But what brings you here so early in the morning? Are you here to show me around the school?"

"No, the President asked me to help you find Sabrina."

"Sabrina?"

"Yes, she's a person whose face is hard to see even within the school. She wouldn't reveal herself to someone she doesn't know. She's not called the White Witch for nothing."

An enigmatic genius?

But what could "White Witch" mean?

"Tommy, can you tell me what you know about Sabrina?"

"Actually, I don't know much. I've only seen her a few times. She's my senior but younger than me. I think she's fifteen now?"

"Fifteen?"

"Yes, Sabrina was the youngest to enter the Royal College of Music. When she was seven, the former President, the Queen, personally admitted her. Her talent was immense. There were even rumors among the professors that a genius who would dominate the future of the violin had appeared. But for some reason, after entering the school, she stopped playing the violin in front of people."

Is that even possible? Entering the Royal College of Music at seven? If she were such a genius, her name should have been known to later generations.

But even upon reviewing my past memories again, I could not find any trace of a violinist named Sabrina.

"She is probably practicing the violin right now."

"You said she doesn't play the violin in front of people."

"I know a place where she practices alone. I found out by chance."

Tommy grabbed my hand and led me outside the dormitory building.

Hadn't we walked for quite a while? Passing through the vast garden of the Royal College of Music and heading to a forest path. It must have taken us at least thirty minutes of walking.

Rustle, rustle.

The autumn breeze made the dew-laden leaves shake and dance. How far had we walked?

Shh!

Tommy raised his index finger to his lips. It meant to be quiet. Even his footsteps were very cautious.

It was when the sound of the stream flowing in the forest began to sound like an accompaniment.

Zing.

A clear resonance pierced my ears. Soon after, as a gust of wind blew, a series of breathtaking tremors and earnestness flowed from the bow.

Bach Partita No. 2, Chaconne.

Just listening to it made all five senses feel euphoric.

A silhouette appeared playing in the middle of the forest through the dense foliage.

Her fingers, pressing the shimmering string at the edge of dawn, were long and transparent, almost pure white.

Expressing a cry within sadness, the desperate melody changed.

Zing―!

Even the birds in the forest kept quiet and listened to the girl's performance.

Starting with a high note that seemed to reach the sky, the unrestrained bowing shook the forest.

Rustle, rustle, rustle.

The dew-laden leaves seemed to be rejoicing, touching heads together.

In the blazing dawn, her silver hair was revealed. It was as if the forest responded and moved to her performance.

Nature was providing the accompaniment, and her melody was penetrating through it. Almost like an orchestra's performance.

My throat involuntarily gulped. In the illusion where time seemed to stop, the dense foliage danced once again, and I finally understood.

Rustle, rustle, rustle.

Why she was called the White Witch.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

