---
title: Chapter 215
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:35
tags:
---


The Royal Academy of Music Concert.

It is a concert that boasts the long history and tradition of the Royal Academy of Music.

Isn't it a school where musical geniuses from all over the world gather, not just from the UK? It was a place where they could fully showcase their skills.

In the past, celebrities would donate to see this concert, and professors from foreign music schools would come to observe. However...

“This is all the applications we received this year...?”

Wrinkles around the eyes were filled with concern.

No wonder, as the number of students applying to participate in the Royal Academy of Music concert was noticeably decreasing year by year.

The reason was simple. Not only had the level of the concert risen to such a degree that one could not participate without considerable confidence, but most students were focusing more on competitions than the school concert.

“In the old days, even if they lacked skill, they didn’t hesitate to step on stage...”

The wrinkled eyes were reminiscing about the past. Back then, they enjoyed the concert like a festival, regardless of their skill level.

But at some point, only the top students from the Royal Academy of Music were participating.

Moreover, those participating students had developed an excessive sense of competition, feeling they had to win at all costs.

“Mr. Dixon, but it’s true that the level of the concert has increased compared to the past. Even though the number of participating students has decreased, the reputation of the Royal Academy of Music concert hasn’t diminished. Don’t be too sad.”

It was Bailey, who was sitting across. She was also a faculty member of the Royal Academy of Music, just like Dixon.

“Then let's finalize the application submissions for this year.”

It was at that moment.

Knock, knock.

Along with the sound of knocking, the door of the faculty office was slowly opening.

“Tommy?”

Bailey asked curiously upon recognizing a familiar face.

The person who opened the door and entered was Tommy, an undergraduate majoring in cello with a face full of freckles. Tommy was sociable and had a good relationship with the faculty, so it was impossible not to recognize him.

“Tommy, what brings you here at this hour?”

“Well, I came to submit my application for the concert.”

“For the concert?”

It was unexpected. To Bailey, Tommy seemed far from being a candidate for the concert.

Isn’t it a concert so high in level that even students with outstanding musical talent hesitate to participate?

Tommy was always a child who doubted his musical talents. He kept his distance from the concert, fearing he might embarrass himself.

At that moment, Bailey and Dixon's eyes widened as they saw two people walking in with Tommy.

“Sabrina...?”

The white-haired witch who was known to everyone working at the Royal Academy of Music, and...

“Hyun!”

A person who was currently heating up the Royal Academy of Music.

* * *

The trigger was pulled.

Tommy was filled with regret after submitting his application for the concert.

He couldn’t understand why Kang Hyun and Sabrina had chosen him to be in their trio.

Moreover, a trio of violin and cello? They didn’t even include a piano for the trio.

“Sabrina, Tommy. Could you take a look at this score?”

Kang Hyun handed over a music score he had composed to Sabrina and Tommy.

As Sabrina skimmed the score, her turquoise eyes gradually filled with interest.

Tommy’s mouth opened wide as soon as he received the score. Then he looked at Kang Hyun as if he were seeing a ghost.

‘I could never compose a piece like this even if I were reborn.’

It was a score where the most needed musical ideas, imagination, and technique were all perfectly blended.

Not to mention the beauty of the piece, the difficulty level was beyond words. However, Sabrina, while furrowing her brow in thought, soon picked up a red pen just like Kang Hyun.

“Hyun, I think this part should be revised. If we play it as it is, one of the three of us will make a mistake. It would be better to connect it smoothly like this.”

“I’ve been thinking about that part too. But you never know how much we might improve before the concert. I’ll keep it in mind, Sabrina.”

Gulp.

Tommy licked his dry lips unconsciously. He knew that the one Sabrina was referring to among the three was himself.

Eventually, Tommy swallowed hard as if making a decision and looked at the two.

“Hyun, Sabrina.”

“Yes?”

“Could I drop out now? No matter how much I think about it, my understanding of the piece is lower than yours, and my performance skills aren't up to par. If this continues, I’ll just be a burden to your ensemble...”

Tommy finished speaking and lowered his gaze. A whirlpool of emotions, including self-deprecation, was swirling in his eyes.

No wonder, as he was constantly amazed by the boundless musical talents of the two when he was with them.

At first, he had the desire to learn music from them without feeling discouraged or despairing. But as time passed, that desire was fading.

At that moment.

“No.”

Sabrina firmly shook her head. Tommy looked up in surprise, wide-eyed at Sabrina. He didn’t expect Sabrina to speak so firmly.

“Why not...?”

“You are our only audience. So you have to be with us.”

Sabrina was saying something incomprehensible. Kang Hyun added, looking at Tommy.

“Tommy, I believe in you. If you didn’t have the ability to handle this score, I would have rejected you from the beginning. But you definitely have the talent for the cello to understand and perform this score.”

“Hyun, even if you say that, I don’t have the skills to play this score smoothly right now...”

“If your skills are lacking, it doesn’t matter.”

At that moment, Kang Hyun smiled and said.

“Because we can practice from now on.”

Tommy felt an indescribable chill from Kang Hyun’s smile.

* * *

“Sabrina is participating?”

A strange rumor was circulating in the Royal Academy of Music. The white-haired witch, Sabrina, had applied to participate in the Royal Academy of Music concert.

Most undergraduates did not believe it. Sabrina was known to be reluctant to appear in front of others.

Moreover, the rumor said she was participating with Kang Hyun.

“They said she’s coming out as a trio with an undergraduate cello student named Tommy?”

“What? A trio?!”

“By the way, does anyone know who this Tommy is?”

“He’s that freckled kid who always gets scolded by Professor Albert in the cello practice room.”

The murmurs of the undergraduates were growing louder. Their questions were all directed at Tommy.

It was somewhat understandable for Sabrina and Kang Hyun to perform together. Both were called geniuses in music.

But compared to the two, Tommy’s presence was almost invisible.

“If it’s true, I could take the cello part.”

“Yeah, me too. I would welcome the trio with Hyun and Sabrina with open arms!”

“Why Tommy? He’s not that famous. Hasn’t he never won any prizes in competitions?”

Tommy lowered his face even more in the cafeteria. Others were belittling and criticizing him, but he had no confidence to respond.

Because they weren’t wrong. Rather, he was afraid others might see his freckles. At that moment.

“Tommy, you’re going to dip your nose into the soup at this rate.”

Kang Hyun sat next to Tommy. At some point, Sabrina appeared and took a seat opposite Tommy.

Suddenly, the cafeteria became quiet as if it had swallowed the silence.

Sabrina stood up and spoke to the students who were belittling Tommy.

“You guys don’t play better than Tommy. I’ve been listening to students’ performances at the Royal Academy of Music for a long time, but there were only a few cello melodies that satisfied my ears. One of them is Tommy.”

It was a short statement, but the faces of the undergraduates quickly turned red and blue.

Aren’t they all students of the Royal Academy of Music with supreme pride in music?

But given who it was, no one could speak up.

“Hyun, what do you think?”

Sabrina nodded towards Kang Hyun. The students immediately focused their attention on Kang Hyun.

Kang Hyun ate a French fry and nonchalantly added.

“I agree.”

* * *

‘Are they really human...?’

Tommy thought as he looked at Kang Hyun and Sabrina. It had been a week since they stayed in the practice room together.

Day by day, Tommy couldn’t help but be amazed at the performances of the two. Their talent and skills were so immense that Tommy could hardly imagine.

Growl.

At that moment, a rumbling sound came from Tommy’s stomach. Kang Hyun smiled as he looked at the music sheet.

“Sabrina, I think we should have dinner.”

“I want to practice a bit more. I haven’t mastered this part yet.”

“I-I’ll go get some sandwiches―!”

Tommy jumped up from his seat as if he had been waiting for this moment.

Since they were practicing an important part of the violin duet, he couldn’t bother them any longer.

Kang Hyun and Sabrina readily nodded, and Tommy quickly left the practice room.

‘Phew.’

His legs were trembling. Hadn’t he been playing the cello for more than half a day? His legs, which supported the cello, felt as heavy as lead.

After all, hadn’t they been pushing themselves hard for several days now? As proof, the rumbling sound from his stomach was resonating like a loud drum.

At that moment.

“Tommy?”

It was Professor Albert. He saw Tommy leaving the practice room and heading toward the cafeteria and approached him quickly, which was unusual for him.

“Is it true that you’re participating in the concert with Hyun and Sabrina?”

“Yes, professor.”

“Really?”

Professor Albert looked at Tommy with a curious expression.

It was as if he was wondering how Tommy could join their group. It wasn’t to belittle Tommy but out of pure curiosity.

How had he managed to break down the seemingly impenetrable wall of Sabrina’s heart and win the approval of Kang Hyun, a musical genius recognized by many maestros?

“Tommy, don’t miss this opportunity.”

“Pardon?”

“It’s a once-in-a-lifetime chance, an opportunity to break through your musical limits. I don’t know why those two chose you, but make the most of their talent and immerse yourself in it.”

With that short piece of advice, Professor Albert turned and left. Tommy knew that Professor Albert cared about him.

Of course, he had been his mentor for several years since Tommy entered the Royal Academy of Music.

Bzz.

When Tommy returned with sandwiches, Kang Hyun and Sabrina were already immersed in their performance, as if they had forgotten everything else.

The two violins were playing as if singing to each other, continuously bowing the strings.

Just listening to it was enough to send shivers of ecstasy through his whole body.

‘Make the most of their talent and immerse yourself in it.’


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

