---
title: Chapter 220
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:40
tags:
---


Violation of Dormitory Rules―!

A voice boomed so loudly it shook the dormitory building. Tommy's face turned pale in an instant.

The reason was simple. The source of the voice was undoubtedly Mr. Douglas, the dormitory supervisor.

"Hyun!"

Tommy urgently grabbed Kang Hyun's shoulder, who was lying on the bed, and shook him.

Tommy was curious about the identity of the girl sleeping peacefully on Kang Hyun's chest, but there was no time to ask.

As Kang Hyun slowly opened his eyes to the shaking that felt like an earthquake, he saw Tommy's freckled face and wondered.

"Tommy...?"

Kang Hyun looked at Tommy's freckled face in a daze and suddenly felt warmth on his chest.

As Kang Hyun's head slowly lowered, he locked eyes with Son Yooha, who had just woken up.

Gasp.

Both of them simultaneously held their breath.

Kang Hyun had planned to stay up all night with Yooha, who had nowhere else to go, and send her back to the U.S. on a morning flight. But things had turned out like this.

At that moment,

"Hyun, there's a big problem!"

"A big problem?"

"The dormitory supervisor is doing a surprise inspection right now!"

Before Kang Hyun could ask for clarification, Tommy urged both of them hurriedly.

When Kang Hyun asked for the details, Tommy, with a desperate face, explained that it was the monthly surprise inspection of the dormitory.

Only then did Kang Hyun quickly start tidying up the room.

Violation of Dormitory Rules―!

Mr. Douglas's booming voice echoed through the dormitory building once again.

It seemed like someone got caught with hidden vodka in another room. With a pale face, Tommy said to Kang Hyun,

"Hyun, I'll go out first! Do something about her quickly!"

With Tommy gone, only Kang Hyun and Son Yooha were left in the room. Yooha looked flustered, not knowing what to do. Kang Hyun finally put shoes on her, grabbed a coat, and opened the closet door.

"Yooha, hide here for a moment."

"Okay!"

For some reason, Yooha's face looked excited. He wanted to open the window and tell her to escape, but they were on a high floor, so that wasn't an option.

How much time had passed? With heavy footsteps, the dormitory supervisor arrived at Kang Hyun's room.

"I will conduct a surprise inspection."

The dormitory supervisor was imposing, as if he used to be a rugby captain rather than a musician. With gleaming eyes, he inspected the room like an FBI agent.

"What is this?"

The supervisor picked up a long strand of hair from the bed with his stubby fingers.

Kang Hyun gulped. Not even when he was being investigated at the West District Prosecutor's Office did he feel this nervous.

"Ahem. I won't make a big deal about a girl visiting briefly."

The supervisor seemed more flexible than expected. Given that it was a dormitory full of energetic students, it was not uncommon for girls to visit even the boys' dormitory. Then the supervisor walked towards the closet.

"But what is this?"

Oh no, a red scarf was sticking out from the closet door.

"Hyun, it seems you're not very good at tidying up."

No!

He wanted to stop the supervisor immediately, but it was too late. The supervisor's stubby hand opened the closet door wide.

With a loud thud, Son Yooha fell out and made eye contact with the supervisor. The supervisor's eyes widened in shock and then narrowed in anger.

"Violation of Dormitory Rules―!!"

* * *

"There's a Korean proverb that says, 'A quiet cat eats the fish first.' Haha."

The actual proverb is 'A quiet cat climbs the stove first,' but what does it matter? Principal Samuel's face was adorned with a rare smile.

"Who would have thought Hyun would be with a girl in the dormitory? I heard she's not even a student at our school?"

"Yes, she's a student studying in New York."

"Wow, New York, you say?"

Principal Samuel's eyes widened at Professor Bianca's words. He had thought she was a student at the same Royal Academy of Music, but she wasn't!

"They're a couple for the ages. Who would have thought she'd come all the way from the U.S. to see Hyun?"

"Principal, what should we do?"

"What do you mean 'what should we do'? It's only natural to understand them at such a passionate age. I was actually worried that Hyun seemed uninterested in women. Plus, I too invited female students to my dormitory when I was studying at the Royal Academy. It's not a big deal. But rules are rules, so give him the same punishment as other students."

Professor Bianca showed an embarrassed expression. The fact that Principal Samuel was a troublemaker during his time at the Royal Academy was already a well-known rumor among the professors.

"By the way, I heard there was a call from a Korean TV program?"

"Yes, they want to film a day in Hyun's life. His agency has already given permission, and they are waiting for our final decision."

"Hyun is already a world-renowned musician, so it's natural people would be curious about his campus life. Alright, I better fix my hair since it will be aired on Korean TV. Haha."

As Principal Samuel looked in the mirror, Professor Bianca also unconsciously fixed her clothes.

* * *

Thump thump thump.

K Broadcasting Station's PD Kim Da-hyun couldn't control her pounding heart. She was about to meet the person she had wanted to film for so long.

After meeting with Kang Hyun's agency and finally getting permission from the Royal Academy of Music in England, she had hugged her director and screamed with joy.

"Senior, you seem really happy?"

"Of course, I'm Hyun-nim's biggest fan!"

"You look even happier than when you got married."

Despite the assistant director's question, PD Kim Da-hyun couldn't wipe the smile off her face. She was that much of a die-hard fan of Kang Hyun.

She had been an executive member of the fan club formed when he appeared at the Queen Elisabeth Competition for years.

"Do you think the ratings will be high?"

"Who cares about ratings? We're going to see Hyun-nim!"

The assistant director shook his head. Newlywed PD Kim Da-hyun had decided on a month-long overseas trip, all because of Kang Hyun.

"Doesn't your husband get jealous?"

"Hey, PD Song is also a huge fan of Hyun-nim. He begged me to get him a signed CD!"

There was a reason two seemingly different people got married. They shared a mutual passion.

As the view of London unfolded outside the plane window, PD Kim Da-hyun's smile blossomed again.

"This shoot will be amazing."

For years, she had persistently contacted his agency, Jeil Gallery, to film Kang Hyun.

After years of trying, the shoot was finally happening.

Since the Queen Elisabeth Competition, Kang Hyun had rarely appeared in the media, making each appearance a major event.

Especially the video of him conducting an orchestra at the age of seventeen for the British Royal Family was still a hot topic among classical music fans worldwide.

* * *

"Raking leaves..."

As if signaling the end of autumn, Kang Hyun used a leaf blower to gather the fallen leaves in the Royal Academy of Music garden. In a way, it was fortunate. At least it wasn't cleaning the bathrooms.

Kang Hyun smiled wryly as he raked the leaves. Who would have thought he'd be punished for having a girl in his dormitory?

"There are still lots of leaves left―!"

Mr. Douglas kept a sharp eye on Kang Hyun, ensuring he didn't slack off.

Other students were also cleaning the garden, most of whom had violated dormitory rules.

Some of them had spent the night with their girlfriends, just like Kang Hyun.

"Spending the whole day tidying up the school, this is too much."

He was busy enough transcribing his musical ideas onto sheet music, but he had no choice. After hours of raking leaves, they finally got a short break.

"Hyun!"

As if on cue, Tommy and Sabrina approached together.

The two were inseparable nowadays, holding hands without any embarrassment. In fact, Sabrina seemed to be the one leading Tommy, reversing the typical gender roles.

"Who was that girl we saw this morning?"

"Tommy says she's your girlfriend. Is that true?"

"Why didn't you introduce her to us?"

Questions poured out from Sabrina and Tommy like a machine gun.

"Where is your girlfriend now?"

"She took a morning flight back to New York."

"Oh my god, she came all the way from the U.S. to see you! That's so romantic!"

Sabrina's silver hair shook as she made a fuss. Thanks to her, other students also perked up their ears to listen to their conversation.

After all, Kang Hyun had garnered a lot of attention from female students when he first arrived as an exchange student.

Many of them would probably be disappointed and heartbroken to learn that Kang Hyun had a girlfriend.

"Hyun, is it true that a TV crew from Korea is coming to film you?"

"My agency contacted me a few days ago."

"Wow, you really are a star. When does the filming start?"

"I was told it starts today."

At that moment, a group carrying cameras approached Kang Hyun from beyond the garden. It seemed he couldn't escape the spotlight.

"Hello, Kang Hyun!"

PD Kim Da-hyun greeted Kang Hyun energetically.

Not only Sabrina and Tommy but also other students and Mr. Douglas looked at the filming crew with curiosity.

After greeting Kang Hyun, PD Kim Da-hyun skillfully conversed with Mr. Douglas in English.

"You want to start filming now?"

"Yes, the purpose of the program is to show Kang Hyun's daily life without exaggeration. We already have permission from the school."

Of all days, why did they have to come today? Kang Hyun clicked his tongue inwardly. Of all days, they had to come on the day he was being punished.

Just then, their break ended, and it was time to resume cleaning the garden.

Mr. Douglas looked deeply troubled. He was unsure whether to make Kang Hyun continue cleaning while the filming was happening.

At that moment, Kang Hyun unhesitatingly moved to continue his cleaning duties.

"Kang Hyun, what are you doing right now?"

PD Kim Da-hyun asked in English instead of Korean. She seemed curious about why Kang Hyun and other students were cleaning the garden.

Sabrina tried to answer in his place.

"Hyun brought a girl into the dorm so..."

At that moment, Tommy hurriedly covered Sabrina's mouth. Kang Hyun, sweating nervously, answered.

"It's volunteer work."

It seemed the filming days ahead would not be smooth sailing.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

