---
title: Chapter 223
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:43
tags:
---


Andante – Allegro ma non troppo.

As Kang Hyun's fingertips moved, two horns began to play simultaneously.

In the melody of the horns, the baton moved as if gently embracing the air.

Just like the moon filling up, the serene and sacred sound gradually filled the concert hall.

Schubert, Symphony No. 9 The Great.

As Kang Hyun's fingertips moved faster and his gaze towards the members became more intense, the melody showcased a strong contrast from nobility to splendor.

Kang Hyun's gaze turned to Michael. It meant to add just a bit more force to the end.

Michael skillfully received the conductor's gaze and distributed a bit more strength to the tip of his thumb holding the bow.

Gulp—

Producer Kim Dahyun couldn't take her eyes off Kang Hyun's conducting. Kang Hyun's conducting skills were recognized years ago due to his performance for the royal family.

However, the difference between Kang Hyun's conducting seen on TV and in person was as vast as night and day.

‘Amazing.’

The eyes of the members, dressed in casual clothes instead of suits, were intense. They were not tense as if it were a rehearsal, but as if it were an actual performance.

Moreover, their dazzling movements with their instruments and the unity and harmony they created, as if connected by a spider web, reaffirmed that they were indeed the world's top symphony orchestra.

But that wasn't the most surprising thing.

Cello!

Chief cellist Emmanuel responded to Kang Hyun's proficient direction. It was as if they were communicating with just their eyes.

It wasn't just the two of them. Kang Hyun didn't miss a single member as he conducted.

It was like overseeing a Go board. Soon, the grandeur of the contrabass enveloped the concert hall like an angel's breath.

Thud, thud, thud—

At the end of the breath came joy. Tommy felt a shiver running through his entire body.

As a violinist, Tommy was well aware of Hyun's musical prowess. He had heard countless times about Hyun's career and reputation since he came as an exchange student.

But he hadn't expected it to be this much.

‘Incredible.’

As someone who aspired to be in a symphony orchestra, Tommy knew the weight and burden that a conductor carried.

Not just playing an instrument as a member, but controlling numerous instruments with both hands in the air, the conductor's journey was undoubtedly more challenging.

Tommy had always thought Hyun was a purely heavenly violinist.

But today, that belief was shattered.

Thud, thud, thud—

The breath rose to the ceiling of the concert hall again.

Sabrina's eyes sparkled as she watched the members blend with Hyun's presence.

Kang Hyun's conducting skills were as expected. The end of the baton was as beautiful as the strings of a violin.

Sabrina thought Hyun could definitely become a great maestro. He was the first musician to understand her musical values.

‘Are you filming?’

Producer Kim Dahyun signaled to the assistant director with her eyes. The assistant director was already so immersed in the orchestra's melody that his eyes and ears were completely captivated.

His face looked so enchanted that he resembled a child lost in the essence of classical music.

Meanwhile, the cameraman couldn't let go of the grip on his camera, zooming in on the stage.

An excited smile never left his face.

As the emotions of the melody rose, his heart pounded like a tidal wave.

It was natural. The sight of numerous members moving in sync with conductor Kang Hyun's fingertips was truly awe-inspiring.

The climax to decorate the end of the documentary was complete.

* * *

“The chairman has arrived.”

At the secretary's words, a tense atmosphere filled the conference room. The faces of the company presidents were all tense. As the door to the conference room opened and Chairman Wang appeared, the middle-aged executives stood up in unison.

“Why are you all standing? Sit down.”

Only when Chairman Wang sat at the head of the table did the executives take their seats. It had been a long time since there was a meeting of the company presidents.

Although the company presidents of Jeil Group had significant power and reputation in society, in front of Chairman Wang, they were as insignificant as fireflies before the sun.

“Im Dongchun, how have you been?”

“Yes, yes, Mr. Chairman! I was so worried about your illness that I visited Pyeongchang-dong several times. Have you fully recovered now?”

“Can't you see? And the person who was so worried about my health was balancing between Ilseon and Kangwook as soon as I was bedridden?”

“N-no! It's a misunderstanding, Mr. Chairman! I was just…!”

“I'm kidding. It's been a while since I saw your face, so I wanted to joke a bit. It seems your courage has shrunk to the size of a bean.”

The face of Im Dongchun, the CEO of Jeil Securities, turned pale. The other presidents were no different.

After all, who among them hadn't balanced between Son Ilseon and Son Kangwook?

During the past few months, which were no different from a royal conflict, they had moved according to their interests.

“There are those here who helped Ilseon, and those who stood by Kangwook. And there are those who remained neutral and watched the situation.”

“……”

“I didn't call you to reprimand you today. But that doesn't mean no one should take responsibility.”

At that moment, Chairman Wang's eyes gleamed sharply. The presidents' throats simultaneously gulped.

“So, who will step down first?”

No one could speak. It was like sitting on a bed of thorns. One wrong word, and they'd have to step down from their president position.

Moreover, knowing Chairman Wang's personality, resigning from their position wouldn't be the end. Legal responsibilities would likely follow.

Then,

“Everyone, relax. I can't even joke properly like this. Im Dongchun.”

“Yes! Mr. Chairman!”

“Seo Min-gi, Do Il-hwan, Jung Sung-gi—!”

“Yes! Mr. Chairman!”

“I'll give you one last chance. Listen carefully.”

The names of those who sided with Son Kangwook were called. Despite their age and bald heads, they looked like middle school students standing before a strict teacher.

It was only then that the presidents realized. The Chairman they served was incomparable to Son Kangwook.

Time passed.

“Secretary Kim, cancel my dinner appointment tonight. Apologize to the Chief Justice.”

“Yes, Mr. Chairman. Where should I take you?”

“Let's go to Ichon-dong.”

After the meeting, Chairman Wang headed straight to Ichon-dong. Despite having an appointment with the Chief Justice, he canceled it without hesitation.

The Chief Justice was one of the scholars personally nurtured by Chairman Wang.

“Son-ga, you're here!”

Upon arriving in Ichon-dong, Chairman Yoo personally greeted Chairman Wang. Chairman Wang held a liquor bottle, prepared who knows when.

“I thought you wouldn't come because of the emergency meeting with the presidents?”

“Oh, come on, in-laws. How could I miss today?”

“I didn't know you were so fond of documentaries.”

“After watching the trailer, I couldn't wait for today. It's cold; let's go in. We'll miss the start if we linger!”

The reason Chairman Wang came to Ichon-dong was simple. To catch the premiere of the three-part documentary featuring Kang Hyun.

* * *

“The Gramophone Music Awards?”

Tommy's eyes widened as he asked again. Kang Hyun answered while biting into a sandwich.

“I received an invitation the other day. They said they're holding an award-like music event in December. I asked Gramophone, and they said I could bring two more people. What do you think?”

“Of course, I'd love to go!”

“Tommy, is it really that great…?”

While Tommy looked thrilled, Sabrina tilted her head in confusion.

Understandable, given her lack of interest in orchestras. It's no wonder she wasn't interested in Gramophone, the world-renowned music magazine.

Tommy enthusiastically explained the significance and prestige of the Gramophone Music Awards to Sabrina, spitting out some soup in the process.

But Sabrina still looked puzzled.

‘It's only natural for Sabrina, who wasn't swayed by Spencer's offer.’

Didn't Spencer personally invite her to audition for the London Symphony after the last day of the TV station shoot?

But Sabrina had declined without hesitation, saying she didn't want to belong anywhere.

“Hyun, when is the Gramophone Music Awards?”

“In two days.”

“What?! What's the dress code?”

Kang Hyun shook his head. It seemed like Tommy was more excited than he was, even though it was Hyun who was receiving the award.

“Just wear casual clothes. If you're not receiving an award, there's no need to be too formal.”

But despite Hyun's words, Tommy's face was already filled with worry about what to wear, like a middle school student deciding on clothes the day before a school trip.

Two days later, the big day arrived, and Tommy and Sabrina's dress codes were revealed.

“Tommy, Sabrina, did you buy these clothes?”

“We only had two days, so we rented them from a shop in South Kensington.”

Tommy wore a suit like Hyun, and Sabrina wore a woman's suit.

However, Tommy, with his freckled face, looked like he borrowed his father's clothes, while Sabrina, with her silver hair and deep turquoise eyes, looked like she stepped out of a vintage photoshoot.

“Hyun, the suit suits you more the more I see it. I look like I stole my dad's clothes…”

Tommy muttered enviously as he looked at Hyun. Hyun smiled faintly and got into the car he had asked Im Hyera to arrange.

The limousine was spacious enough for three people to lie down comfortably.

“Departing now.”

With the driver's words, the car started moving towards the Gramophone Music Awards venue in the suburbs.

Tommy's face was filled with excitement, as if he hadn't been nervous at all.

Sabrina was also looking around curiously, never having been in such a long car before.

Hyun chuckled, watching them like a parent.

“Hyun, there will be many famous musicians today, right?”

“Probably?”

Tommy's face turned tense as he swallowed. Considering Gramophone's prestige, not only famous musicians but also businesspeople from the classical music industry would likely be there.

As his thoughts deepened, the limousine approached the venue for the Gramophone Music Awards.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

