---
title: Chapter 224
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:44
tags:
---


- Today, the famous person our documentary team is visiting is none other than violinist Kang Hyun. Known as a music prodigy since childhood, Kang Hyun has received love calls from great masters worldwide, a well-known story. Currently, he is studying as an exchange student at the Royal College of Music in South Kensington, England. As a producer and a passionate fan of Kang Hyun, my heart is already fluttering with excitement.

Through the TV screen, Kim Dahyun PD's excited voice was conveyed to the viewers. In the mansion at Ichon-dong, Kang Hyun's grandfather, parents, and even Chairman Wang were gathered together watching TV.

The scene of them huddled together in the living room looked like an ordinary family celebrating a holiday.

"Father, it’s Hyunie!"

Kang Hyun's mother, Kang Hyunja, exclaimed with joy at the sight of Kang Hyun on the screen.

Even the grandfather's eyes seemed to glisten as if honey was smeared on them, unable to take his eyes off his grandson's face, whom he hadn't seen in a long time.

"In-law, no matter how much I look at him, our son-in-law is so handsome."

"Isn't that obvious? He looks that handsome because he takes after me!"

"Oh, come on, in-law. You're lying through your teeth without even wetting your lips. If he took after you, he'd look scary like a bear. He definitely has the best traits of Hyunja and her husband."

The two grandfathers were bickering as usual.

Chairman Wang's face was full of mischief. It was hard to believe that he had just called an urgent meeting of the executive board.

"Hyunie looks great on screen. My daughter-in-law told me that Hollywood even offered Hyunie a role."

"Hollywood?"

"That's right. A famous director from Hollywood contacted him several times wanting to make a romance movie incorporating classical music with Hyunie as the lead, but Hyunie turned them all down. He said being a movie actor wasn't for him. But if that director sees this documentary, he might contact him again."

It wasn't just Hollywood. Prominent magazines from the U.S. and Europe had also contacted Jeil Gallery several times, wanting to use Kang Hyun as a cover model.

The amount they offered as a signing bonus was unimaginable for ordinary people, but Kang Hyun rejected it outright. It wasn’t about the money; he just hated the nuisance.

- Now we are at Kang Hyun's practice room. Kang Hyun, as a violinist, possesses such exceptional skills that he has received praise from numerous great masters. He was the first Korean to win the grand prize at the Queen Elizabeth Competition. Let's listen to Kang Hyun's violin performance.

As Kang Hyun lifted his violin in the practice room, the atmosphere became tense, not just on the screen but also among the viewers.

Chairman Wang leaned forward, watching the scene as if it were a thrilling movie.

* * *

Click-click-click—!

As soon as they got out of the limousine, the barrage of camera shutters made Tommy dizzy. Especially the reporters' efforts to capture Kang Hyun’s image were the highlight.

If Sabrina hadn't held his hand, he would have frozen and been unable to move.

'Wow!'

After the photo session at the photo line ended, Tommy's jaw dropped as they entered the grand mansion where the Gramophone music concert was held.

It was a scene straight out of a movie. Various delicacies were placed all around, and managers were walking around with serving trays.

Gulp.

All the people in the mansion looked elegant and poised, as if they were significant figures in society.

Considering that most of them were older, Kang Hyun, Tommy, and Sabrina were undoubtedly the youngest in the mansion.

"Hyun, we've been waiting for you!"

At that moment, a middle-aged man with white hair approached Kang Hyun and greeted him warmly.

It wasn't just the middle-aged man. As soon as Kang Hyun appeared, people eagerly greeted him as if they had been waiting.

Although it was a scene that could be overwhelming, Kang Hyun greeted them skillfully as if he had done this a hundred times.

'Amazing.'

To Tommy, Kang Hyun truly looked like an adult. If he were Kang Hyun, he would have frozen and been unable to do anything in such a crowd.

But Kang Hyun was not only greeting many older people skillfully but also engaging in light-hearted conversations with them. Even his walking and holding a wine glass exuded ease and elegance.

"Tommy, what are you doing?"

"Huh?"

"Try this, it's really delicious!"

On the other hand, another person was equally at ease in a different way.

Sabrina, like Kang Hyun, didn't show any signs of being intimidated by the setting. Instead, she was savoring the food prepared at the social gathering one by one.

With her silver hair and deep teal eyes, Sabrina attracted a lot of attention just by walking around, reminiscent of a scene from a pictorial. But she didn't seem to care about the attention at all.

It was then.

"Are you cellist Tommy?"

A man with a sharp jawline and keen eyes approached. Tommy wondered if he knew the man, but he didn’t.

"I watched both of you perform at the recent Royal College of Music concert."

"Oh, thank you!"

"I'm Adam Wishaw, the editor-in-chief of Gramophone."

Tommy's eyes widened.

The editor-in-chief of Gramophone, Adam Wishaw, was a name even Tommy had heard. He was known among musicians for his sharp critiques and reviews in classical music.

Adam handed his business card to Tommy and spoke carefully.

"Tommy, what are your plans after graduating from the Royal College of Music?"

Since Tommy was nearing graduation from the Royal College of Music, he hesitated at Adam's question. He aspired to join a symphony orchestra but didn’t have a solid career yet.

At that moment.

"How about taking an audition for the Chicago Symphony if you don’t mind?"

"The Chicago Symphony?"

"Yes, the maestro of the Chicago Symphony was also in the audience at the recent Royal College of Music concert, sitting right next to me. He was very impressed with your cello performance."

Tommy swallowed hard at the following words.

"He said if such talent came to audition for his orchestra, he would accept them immediately."

* * *

'This is overwhelming.'

Kang Hyun was outwardly greeting people with ease, but inside, he was overwhelmed.

After all, as soon as he appeared, not only famous musicians but also entrepreneurs involved in the classical music industry eagerly approached him.

Without his past experiences, he would have been overwhelmed by the atmosphere and unable to greet them skillfully.

"Hyun, what do you think of my proposal?"

It was Austin, the head of the prestigious European classical label EMA.

Kang Hyun's album, released some time ago, had recorded phenomenal sales worldwide. The name Kang Hyun had a tremendous influence on the classical market.

It was known that he already had numerous die-hard fans despite his debut year.

"I'm sorry, sir. I have nothing to say about releasing an album today. I still don't think my skills are good enough to present to the public."

"Hyun, excessive modesty isn't good. When I listened to the trio piece you composed at the recent Royal College of Music concert, I was beyond moved. It felt like experiencing a new world. Many classical enthusiasts are eagerly awaiting your new album. Please don't let them down. This is a request from a devoted fan, not the head of EMA."

Even after Austin, the head of EMA, stepped back, many famous people continued to seek out Kang Hyun. Some were CEOs of well-known companies.

Some asked for his autograph, while others subtly suggested he consider being their company's representative model. There were also frequent inquiries about whether he was considering changing agencies.

'Tsk.'

An average musician might have been swayed by such flattery and been captivated without realizing it.

But not Kang Hyun. In his past life, hadn’t he been an ambitious individual who aimed to step into politics, starting as a prosecutor in the Western District? He was well-versed in the ways of social gatherings.

"Editor-in-chief Adam?"

At that moment, Kang Hyun spotted Adam Wishaw, the editor-in-chief of Gramophone, standing next to Tommy and approached.

"Hyun, it's been a long time!"

Adam greeted Kang Hyun warmly.

While exchanging greetings, Kang Hyun glanced at Tommy, who seemed dazed as if he had heard something shocking from Adam.

Just as he was thinking about asking Tommy after the concert.

"Hyun, did you bring the item for the charity auction?"

"Yes, I brought it as requested."

"Thank you so much. Your item will surely be a huge hit at the charity auction!"

A week ago, Gramophone had contacted him, asking him to bring an item for the charity auction at the concert.

"May I ask what you brought?"

Adam asked curiously with a twinkle in his eye.

"It's nothing special."

"That's okay. Even if it's just a used toothbrush, there are die-hard fans who would pay a fortune for it. Hyun, your popularity in the classical world is immense. So, what did you bring?"

"A music score."

For a moment, Adam's eyes widened. Known as one of the three demons of Gramophone and famous for his unwavering charisma as the editor-in-chief, Adam was startled.

Adam composed himself and asked again.

"A music score?"

"Yes, a piece I composed when I was young. It's a piano solo piece, and it hasn’t been performed anywhere yet. Mainly because I couldn't find a suitable musician to perform it. Rather than letting it gather dust among my sheet music, I thought it should see the light of day."

Kang Hyun added with a faint smile.

"But there's one condition for putting it up for auction. The piece shouldn't be publicly released until a pianist who suits the piece emerges."

Although one might think of pianist Baek Junghun, the piece didn't suit him.

For Kang Hyun, it was just one of the many scores he had piled up, but it was different for others.

As proof, Adam, known as Gramophone's demon, was gulping in fascination at the mention of the 'music score.'

Adam carefully looked around.

The condition Kang Hyun set was somewhat demanding, but not impossible to meet.

Moreover, the mansion hosting the concert was filled with well-known wealthy individuals from Europe.

Adam composed himself and spoke seriously.

"This charity auction will surely set a record in Gramophone's history."


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

