---
title: Chapter 225
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:45
tags:
---


- Cellist Tommy, what do you think of Kang Hyun's music?

An interview with an undergraduate student from the Royal Academy of Music continued. It was a chance to see Kang Hyun from the perspective of a fellow musician rather than through the eyes of the general public.

However, a freckled boy also held admiration for Kang Hyun, just like any other ordinary person.

“Our Hyun is getting good reviews.”

“Of course, what else would you expect? Our granddaughter’s husband is not someone to be criticized anywhere.”

Chairman Yoo and Chairman Wang were watching the documentary together and chatting.

Normally, the grandfathers would not have watched the entire documentary, but perhaps it was because Kang Hyun was in it, or maybe the content was interesting. They couldn't take their eyes off the screen for even a moment.

“By the way, our granddaughter’s husband is quite popular in England too.”

Chairman Wang's voice revealed discomfort. It was understandable because the girls shown on the screen were all sending meaningful glances towards Kang Hyun. Of course, maybe because of the filming camera, none of the girls approached him boldly.

“Are you worried?”

“Not at all. Compared to our Yooha, they are all not much.”

“I agree. Yooha is so outstanding that it's hard to believe she is your descendant.”

“Old man, you’re talking about your own family too.”

Kang Hyun's parents smiled warmly as they watched the two grandfathers. When they talked to each other, they looked like mischievous children again.

Kang Hyun's mother, Kang Hyunja, handed some fruit to the two grandfathers and said,

“Fathers, please have some of this while you watch.”

She was probably worried that the elderly grandfathers might have a drop in their blood sugar levels. The grandfathers, understanding her concern, accepted the forks with the fruit without complaint. At that moment,

- You have a video of Kang Hyun performing in a trio?

The voice from the screen mentioned that there was a video of Kang Hyun performing at a Royal Academy of Music concert.

With the excited voice of the producer on screen, the first part of the documentary ended.

At the same time, viewers let out a sigh of disappointment. How could it end just when it was getting interesting?

But soon, the preview for the next part made the viewers sit up in anticipation.

“Amazing!”

Producer Kim Da-hyun shouted with joy as if the broadcast station would collapse. It was because the documentary had achieved record-breaking viewership ratings in the history of Documentary7.

Especially, the moment when Kang Hyun was playing the violin garnered a viewership rating of 25%, which was astounding.

There had never been a documentary in the history of K Broadcasting System’s current affairs and education department that recorded such high viewership ratings.

As evidence, despite the late hour, the broadcast station was already flooded with inquiry calls.

* * *

“Distinguished guests present in the hall.”

A man with a mysterious combination of a dark suit and green eyes spoke. His voice immediately drew the attention of everyone in the banquet hall.

“We are about to start the highlight of the Gramophone Concert, the charity auction. Please follow the manager's guidance and move to the auction venue. Today, many rare items are up for auction, so I hope you all have a happy shopping experience. The amount you spend will greatly help children suffering from rare diseases.”

Dante, who was both the CEO and the chief editor of Gramophone, smiled faintly.

Tommy swallowed hard. There were three demons in Gramophone. The foremost critic and reviewer was none other than chief editor Dante.

Some people called him the man with the ears of God. It was said that numerous composers wanted him to hear their music.

“The first item is the famous painting 'Days of a Thousand Years' donated by CEO Jameson of Gregory. It was completed around 1890 by French painter Raphael Poussin, known for his abstract style and surrealistic depth. It is said that Pablo Picasso’s Cubism was inspired by him.”

This was no ordinary charity auction.

The items up for auction included not only high-priced artworks but also famous antiques and even shares in exclusive co-ops in Central Park that money alone couldn’t buy.

Each item was worth tens of thousands of dollars.

“Adam, you told me to bring anything for this event?”

If Kang Hyun had brought an ordinary item for auction, it would have been embarrassing.

Looking at the items up for auction, Kang Hyun was inwardly shocked.

Having attended numerous auctions under the direction of Im Hyera, he could not be unaware of the value of these items. Although it was a charity auction in name, the prices were comparable to those at Hong Kong Sotheby’s.

“Hyun, no matter what anyone says, the highlight of today’s auction is your sheet music.”

Adam smiled reassuringly. Soon, the much-awaited auction item was presented.

“A very rare auction item has been presented. It is, in a sense, the most unique item in the history of Gramophone's charity auctions. It is the sheet music of the violinist Hyun. However, it is not a violin piece but a piano piece. Moreover, Kang Hyun has set a condition. Until a pianist who satisfies the composer appears, the piece cannot be released to the world.”

Although it was a rather demanding condition, as Adam said, it seemed there was no one here who couldn't meet it.

This meant that everyone present at the auction was no ordinary person.

Especially those involved in the classical music industry were looking as if they had discovered a gold mine. At that moment,

“Before we start the auction, as the representative of Gramophone, I would like to make a request to violinist Hyun.”

All eyes turned to Kang Hyun. Dante, making eye contact with Kang Hyun, continued,

“If it’s not too much trouble, could you play the original piece here?”

As soon as Dante finished speaking, a piano was being set up on the auction podium.

Everyone else also looked very curious. After all, it was difficult to fully understand the shape of the melody just by looking at the sheet music.

Kang Hyun nodded briefly and walked over without hesitation.

* * *

“Honey, what do you think?”

Im Hyera asked her husband, Son Ilsung, who was watching Documentary7 with her.

“He’s so charming even in the brief moments shown on the broadcast. It seems a waste for him to only do music. No wonder Father likes him so much.”

Son Ilsung, being a businessman, succinctly assessed Kang Hyun's value.

It was about an hour-long broadcast. But wasn’t it so fascinating that time flew by without notice?

Although the broadcast showed every move of Kang Hyun without any filter, it was enough to make him a mysterious figure to the viewers.

“Doesn’t he captivate you?”

“How could he not? He’s definitely a promising talent.”

“What if our Yooha and Hyun got married?”

Son Ilsung was momentarily flustered and pursed his lips. Despite being the second-in-command of Daeil Group with numerous employees under him, he was just like any other father at this moment. However,

“Well, if the two of them like each other, how could I stop them?”

Normally, Son Ilsung would have firmly said no, but today was different.

It wasn’t just because of the fascinating documentary broadcast. It was because he already knew that during his time of confinement, Kang Hyun had helped his father in many ways alongside Teacher Deoksoo.

If it hadn’t been for Teacher Deoksoo, it would have been much harder to thwart Son Gangwook's ambitions.

He unknowingly owed Kang Hyun a lot.

“I would love to have a grandchild. If we had a grandchild as talented as Hyun, I would do everything for them as a grandmother. Hohoho.”

Im Hyera imagined herself as a grandmother while sipping on kimchi soup.

Watching her, Son Ilsung eventually shook his head and got up. How much time had passed since the broadcast ended?

Huh?

Im Hyera was brought back to her senses by the ringing of her cell phone. When she checked her phone, an international call was displayed as the caller.

Only a few people knew her direct number. As her curiosity grew, she smiled brightly at the voice from the other end of the line.

-Miss Im, it’s Cameron!

It was James Cameron, the father of countless masterpieces and a renowned Hollywood director.

* * *

When Kang Hyun sat on the piano bench, the charity auction hall felt like it had turned into a concert hall.

If the word charisma could be embodied, it would look like Kang Hyun at that moment. The audience held their breath at his presence.

The moment his long fingers touched the keys,

Dooong―!

Like ripples spreading on a calm lake, the audience's hearts began to stir.

His long fingers moved smoothly over the keys, almost as if they were dancing. The fingertips pressed the keys elastically, like springs.

The audience leaned forward as Kang Hyun's music flowed from his shoulders, through his elbows, and down to his fingers like a stream.

At that moment,

Do-do-do-doong―!

The melody struck like a thunderbolt.

The pace of the piece was accelerating.

The calmness that had shown the freshness of spring was now exposing the audience to the scorching sunlight.

Kang Hyun's shoulders swayed like waves. His long fingers dancing on the keys captivated the eyes of the musicians in the audience.

The melody changed again, like a gust of autumn wind.

The fingers that had been moving so dynamically were now moving slowly.

Light and lively leggiero, strong and agile marcato, and fast single-note staccato – numerous piano techniques came to mind.

The sheet music called for diverse techniques, boasting flexibility like a reed that bends but does not break in the wind.

Finally,

Dooong―

As if walking on freshly fallen snow, each touch of his long fingers on the keys left a deep imprint in the audience's hearts.

Each note left a lingering impression, as if it was wrapping around their entire being.

Even after the performance ended, no one in the audience spoke first. That included Dante, who was hosting the charity auction.

Everyone was lost in thought, as if they were intoxicated by the moment.

How much time had passed? When Kang Hyun stood up from the piano bench, someone shouted as if possessed.

“One million dollars―!”


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

