---
title: Chapter 226
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:46
tags:
---


"1 million dollars―!"

Like a fuse being lit, people started to outbid each other.

The atmosphere was different from the previous charity auctions. Initially, people approached the charity auction leisurely, but now they were as serious as if they were going to war.

Tommy unknowingly swallowed nervously.

"1.6 million dollars."

"1.8 million dollars."

"2 million dollars―!"

It happened in an instant. The time it took for the bids to skyrocket was no more than a blink of an eye.

Tommy looked at Kang Hyun with trembling eyes.

The main character of the auction, Kang Hyun, remained completely unshaken. His look even suggested he had anticipated this outcome.

Tommy was not only amazed by Kang Hyun's nerves of steel but also by his piano skills.

Kang Hyun had already shown his capabilities as a conductor, so Tommy knew he could handle the piano well, but not to this extent.

To exaggerate, Kang Hyun could enroll in the piano department of the Royal Academy of Music right now, and it would not be out of place.

How much time had passed?

After the auctioneer's third call, the sound of the gavel striking the auction table echoed.

The final auction price was the highest in the history of Gramophone Magazine.

Adam flashed a faint smile, as if proving his words were right. Then it happened.

"Hyun, if it's not too much trouble, may I ask a favor?" 

Dante, who was hosting the charity auction, looked at Kang Hyun and added, 

"I thought it was a shame that such a beautiful piece only had a number. Moreover, I thought it would make even less sense for someone else to name it. If you don't mind, could you name the piece here?"

Others also nodded in agreement with Dante's words.

Kang Hyun usually does not give his compositions titles when he writes sheet music. He felt numbering them was sufficient.

But he could not ignore the gazes of so many people.

"Four Seasons."

Dante's face lit up with a satisfied smile at Kang Hyun's words. Could there be a more fitting title for the mood conveyed by the sheet music?

The winning bidder was Austin, the CEO of EMA. He was smiling with joy, a sight rarely seen.

Tommy fully understood his feelings. Even if he had spent millions of dollars, it would have been worth it for the piece just performed. It was as if "Four Seasons" unfolded right before their eyes.

Soon after,

The charity auction concluded, and the main event began. Awards related to classical music followed.

Musicians who brightened the year came on stage to greet and receive their awards. The final award, Album of the Year, was so anticipated that everyone seemed to know the winner even before the name was called.

No one in the room could dispute his name.

Dante smiled and called out the musician's name on the white paper.

"Violinist Hyun."

* * *

"Oh my God!"

Exclamations of admiration echoed from a mansion in Beverly Hills.

James Cameron, the renowned director, continued to express pure admiration for a young man on the TV screen.

It was a broadcast from Asia called "Documentary7."

-Did you all see that? Kang Hyun just answered all the questions posed by Spencer, the chief conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra, without a single mistake. Not only I, the producer, but also the cameraman is flabbergasted. We never imagined there could be errors in a symphony.

It was unbelievable. He was a musical genius straight out of a movie. Perhaps this was how nobles felt when they witnessed Mozart's mysterious talent firsthand.

James Cameron, ignoring the sweat forming on his hands, leaned in closer.

-The maestro handed the baton to Kang Hyun. He’s suggesting Kang Hyun conduct with the orchestra. I have a feeling this is going to be an extraordinary scene. Let’s enjoy it together, viewers!

Kang Hyun's conducting mesmerized viewers in a different way from his violin playing.

While the violin showcased various musical ideas like wearing different masks, conducting was like a monarch ruling the stage with both hands.

James Cameron watched the three-part documentary without breaks.

Even though it wasn’t an officially imported program and had clumsy subtitles, the language barrier didn’t matter when listening to Kang Hyun’s music.

The more James Cameron thought of Kang Hyun, the more a screenplay etched itself in his mind.

Kang Hyun had always said he would never act. But his music could suffice.

Even someone as picky about films as Cameron found himself swayed by Kang Hyun's music.

Yet, Kang Hyun's face lingered in his mind with a sense of regret. His looks were too exceptional to be confined to just music.

His pure yet sexy appearance and decadent eyes were comparable to Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic. Moreover,

Buzz.

What could he call that mysterious look on his face while playing the violin? It was too unique to be explained merely by Orientalism.

Though his appearance was that of a young man, his aura was that of a great master.

James Cameron had a premonition. That young man would undoubtedly become a blue-chip that would bring significant change to Hollywood.

* * *

"In Hollywood?"

Kang Hyun was dumbfounded by the unexpected news coming through the receiver.

He already knew that "Documentary7" had aired in Korea and gained popularity. It had recorded the highest viewership in the history of the K Broadcasting Station's current affairs and culture department. Because of this, he also received numerous CF offers in Korea.

But Hollywood, not even Chungmuro?

-I told you before, didn’t I? Hollywood has been sending love calls to you now and then. This time, a famous director contacted us directly.

Im Hyera's voice was brimming with excitement. Anyone listening might mistake her for someone who just received a letter from their first love.

Who could have contacted her to make her so thrilled? It was baffling.

However, the following words made Im Hyera's excitement somewhat understandable.

-Director James Cameron. You know him, right?

How could he not!

He had loved Cameron's Alien and Terminator series. Moreover, Into the Storm and Titanic were masterpieces that left a deep impression on him.

He was one of the most esteemed directors in Hollywood, both in the past and present. But why had such a famous director contacted him?

-He said he wants to film a movie with you as the lead!

"Pardon?"

-He even wrote a script with you as the main character. He was so insistent that he seemed ready to fly to the UK immediately.

It wasn’t the first time Kang Hyun had received love calls to act as a movie protagonist. However, he had declined all offers so far.

The reason was simple. Acting in front of a camera and reading lines didn’t suit him, especially since he wasn’t a professional actor.

But why couldn’t he recall any movie in James Cameron's filmography from his past life that he might fit into?

-Why don’t you meet him at least once?

At Im Hyera's question, Kang Hyun looked out the window.

A cold sun was shining as if heralding the start of winter. He had a feeling that going to the U.S. for a break wouldn’t be a bad idea.

* * *

"Yooha, how was your trip to England?"

At Michelle's question, Son Yooha made a regretful face.

"It was too short."

She had taken a big step and boarded a plane to England. Meeting the Kang Hyun she had dreamed of was great, but the time they spent together was too short.

Michelle let out an exclamation at Son Yooha's regretful expression.

"Yooha, I never imagined you to be such a romantic. I’ve always felt it, but you’ll definitely be the first among our friends to get married."

"What? How can you talk about marriage when I'm still so young…"

"Huh? Camilla already got engaged. Some friends will marry as soon as they become adults. But I never thought the great Son Yooha would be so flustered by the word 'marriage!'"

Michelle teased with a playful expression, squinting her eyes.

Wasn’t Son Yooha always exuding a cold vibe, rivaling the Northern winds of Moscow?

Although she was the queen among many male students, she had never given anyone a second glance. But now, she was blushing and flustered.

"Yooha, by the way, Hyun oppa was in the column again, right?"

"You mean in Gramophone Magazine?"

"Yeah, it said he won the Album of the Year award. He looked so cool. Because of Hyun oppa, many people have developed an interest in classical music. His popularity is skyrocketing."

Kang Hyun was like an idol in the classical music world.

Not only did he win the Album of the Year award from Gramophone Magazine, but he also gained popularity in Korea due to the documentary. 

It was said that his fan club in Korea boasted numbers comparable to those of major boy groups.

"Don't worry, even if Hollywood’s Wendy comes, she won’t be a match for you."

Michelle spoke as if reading Son Yooha's mind. She even mentioned the name of a top sexy star in Hollywood.

"It's okay, I'm confident too!"

Son Yooha exclaimed, clenching her fists. It was a different side of her that would surprise those who knew her well. Indeed, the power of love was enough to change even one’s personality.

"Wow, Yooha, you’re really head over heels for Hyun oppa. I wonder when I’ll experience such love. Just listening to your stories about you and Hyun oppa feels like watching a romantic movie."

"What happened with Andy?”

"Don't even mention it! That guy is a total player. I caught him kissing another girl at the social club. I poured a glass of water over him right then and there."

As Son Yooha and Michelle were engrossed in conversation,

"Oh, Yooha, your car is here."

"Michelle, I have to go now."

"Alright, see you tomorrow!"

Just then, a car arrived to pick up Yooha. In the driver's seat was an employee from Jeil Group, responsible for driving and security.

The next destination was obvious. After school, Yooha always received private tutoring from Ivy League associate professors. But,

"Where are we going?"

Son Yooha asked in surprise as the car took an unfamiliar route.

The driver glanced at her through the rearview mirror and asked,

"Miss, where do you want to go?"

Seeing the driver's face in the mirror, Son Yooha couldn't hide her smile.

How could she forget those deep eyes? She had reunited with the Kang Hyun she had longed for.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

