---
title: Chapter 230
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:50
tags:
---


"I am curious about the future of graphene, which has emerged prominently in the chemical industry."

It was an unexpected question. All eyes turned to the boy with tousled hair who had asked it. Some children even looked puzzled as to why he was asking a violinist such a question.

Kang Hyun nodded briefly and looked at the boy.

"What is your name, student?"

"My name is John Carlyle."

Kang Hyun repeated the name 'John Carlyle' in his head. Suddenly, something came to mind.

In his past life, after Dongju Chemical was sold to foreign capital, the chief chemist of the research team that developed graphene had the surname Carlyle.

"Graphene is a new material that was once called the dream substance. It conducts electricity more than 100 times better than copper and has an electron mobility over 100 times faster than silicon. Moreover, Dongju Chemical, which has successfully developed graphene, is striving to integrate graphene into a wider range of industries. In the near future, you will easily encounter graphene not only in advanced industries but also in daily life."

"Does that mean it is stable enough to be applied to everyday life? From what I see, it still seems unstable."

“Benzene, made of a ring of six carbon atoms with alternating double and single bonds, is said to be stable. By comparison, graphene is indeed unstable because it is made of a hexagonal ring structure solely of pure carbon. However, Dongju Chemical has found a way to resolve this instability.”

The student’s eyes widened. It was only natural because, in the original timeline, this method would only be discovered around 2010.

But thanks to Kang Hyun's advanced software, he had subtly informed Dr. Tikhonov at Dongju Chemical about what he had seen in the graphene development research papers in his past life.

As expected, a genius can open up countless possibilities with just a small clue.

It did not take long for Dr. Tikhonov to resolve the instability of graphene.

"Can you teach me the method?"

The student asked Kang Hyun with a desperate look.

"The first and most necessary thing for molecular synthesis is extremely low temperatures. And the second... your name is John Carlyle, right?"

“Yes?”

"I would like you, Carlyle, to personally visit Dongju Chemical and find out. The doors of Dongju Chemical are always open for you."

It was crucial to gather as many outstanding talents as possible. Especially in the chemical industry, where existing chemists solidified the foundation and geniuses designed the future.

John Carlyle nodded as if he had realized something from Kang Hyun's words and sat down.

The level of questions from the students of this prestigious school was different. All the questions were filled with interest in society, industry, and culture. Their level of knowledge was far beyond that of ordinary high school students.

But who was Kang Hyun? In his past life, he was known as a relentless person with a brilliant mind among prodigies.

Moreover, thanks to his advanced software after his regression, such lectures were not nerve-wracking but rather interesting.

Even the female students, who initially followed him for his image as a violinist, were now falling for his smooth answers and intellectual level in real-time.

The smart students of the prestigious Phillips school were left gaping at Kang Hyun's answers.

* * *

"Yooha, he's amazing―!"

Michelle exclaimed as she patted Yooha's shoulder. Her eyes were full of excitement.

It wasn’t just Michelle. The female students of the prestigious Phillips school all had their cheeks flushed like autumn leaves.

The reason was simple. Kang Hyun, who was giving a lecture on the stage, was incredibly charming.

‘Did I make a mistake by asking him?’

Yooha began to feel anxious. She knew Kang Hyun would do well in his lecture, but she hadn't expected this level of performance.

He had no trouble answering questions that weren’t even related to music. Moreover, he smoothly answered questions from both students and teachers.

Many famous people had lectured at the prestigious Phillips school. Most were Ivy League businessmen or local politicians, but none had ever answered questions in such detail, tailored to the level of the questioner, like Kang Hyun.

"Yooha, isn’t this like cheating?"

"What?"

"Usually, if someone is good at the arts, they aren’t good at academics. I didn’t know Hyun oppa was such a smart person."

Michelle looked at Kang Hyun with admiration, even reverence. Most people only knew Kang Hyun as a musical prodigy.

But Yooha had seen Kang Hyun since they were young. To her, Kang Hyun was exceptional in almost every field of knowledge, not just music.

Even if it wasn't music, he would have certainly excelled in another academic field. At that moment.

"Before I finish my final words to the students, it would be a shame if I didn’t perform a violin piece as a violinist, wouldn’t it? For the bright future of the students of Phillips High School, I will play a violin piece."

As soon as Kang Hyun finished speaking, cheers erupted in the auditorium. The female students were already standing up, trying to move to the front. To an outsider, it might look like a concert of a famous singer rather than a lecture.

Soon, Kang Hyun took out his violin from its case. His fluid movements drew admiration from all around, and everyone held their breath.

‘Ugh, I shouldn’t have asked him.’

Surely, countless new fans would be created again.

* * *

"Are you offering me a contract right now?"

It was a voice full of doubt. The eyes scanning the contract were filled with wariness.

Manager Kim Sang-guk, as always, recited the prepared comments.

"Our VH Company is investing in Mr. Cotton’s future. The contract terms might seem quite unfavorable and almost like VH Company’s charity, but all these issues will naturally be resolved when Mr. Cotton proves his worth and succeeds in business."

"Investing in my future?"

“Yes, our president at VH Company holds your abilities in very high regard, Mr. Cotton.”

“I’ve heard of VH Company. It’s known for making outrageous investments. But now that such an offer is being made to me, I am flabbergasted.”

Indeed, nine out of ten people had reactions similar to Cotton’s. At first, they doubted if it was a scam and showed wary eyes, but eventually, they signed an investment contract with VH Company.

It was a natural course of action. Even someone ignorant of the law could see how favorable the contract terms were.

In the worst-case scenario, even if the business failed, the risk to the investment target was not that significant. But.

“However, I will have to decline this investment contract.”

“What? Mr. Cotton, what do you mean?”

“At first, I was tempted by VH Company’s offer to invest in my business. Right now, I lack the funds and am setting up an office in a container I use as a warehouse.”

“Isn’t accepting our offer the solution to that problem? VH Company can fully support and provide the necessary funds. Please look at this as an investment in your future, Mr. Cotton.”

“That’s exactly why it won’t work.”

Cotton firmly shook his head.

“I know my future better than anyone else. If the contract terms are not improved, I will have to decline this investment.”

Manager Kim Sang-guk was at a loss for words. The investment support terms offered by VH Company were so favorable that they lacked nothing for the investment target.

Did Cotton really know his future? Or was it simply greed?

Manager Kim Sang-guk was silent for a while. This was the first time something like this had happened. At that moment.

“Mr. Cotton, may I speak with you?”

A neatly dressed young man appeared next to Manager Kim Sang-guk. His face was so attractive that one might believe he was an actor from the East. His mysterious and deep eyes were enough to captivate even the picky Cotton.

Then the young man smiled slightly at Cotton and spoke.

“Let me formally introduce myself. I am Hyun, the president of VH Company.”

* * *

“So, are you saying that in your view, the portable nanochip field I am developing lacks potential?”

“I am not saying it lacks potential. I am saying the direction of development is wrong.”

“Could you explain in detail?”

The more Cotton conversed with Kang Hyun, the more he felt like he was sinking into a quagmire, unable to think clearly.

How could a young man who seemed much younger than himself know so much about the field of nanochips? Moreover, his knowledge of other IT fields was also substantial.

“The field of portable nanochips that Mr. Cotton is developing is already being tackled by major corporations around the world. Although Mr. Cotton was indeed an early developer, you will eventually be pushed back as a latecomer due to a lack of manpower and resources. If you were not challenging the portable nanochip field, what would you be researching and developing?”

“I’d probably still focus on the portable nanochip field. But given the current technology, it’s an impossible task, so I had postponed it.”

“Our VH Company wants to provide full support for Mr. Cotton’s portable nanochip development.”

“Wait a minute. Do you even understand what it means to make a portable nanochip?”

Kang Hyun nodded briefly and recited what he knew.

Of course, much of it was from papers he had skimmed through in IT columns in his past life. Thanks to his advanced software, he could remember even fleeting moments.

Perhaps that was why. As Kang Hyun continued to speak, Cotton’s eyes grew as large as saucers.

“Even now, would you not sign an investment contract with VH Company?”

Cotton could not refuse as firmly as he had earlier.

Manager Kim Sang-guk watched the scene with great interest. Hadn’t Kang Hyun just captivated a genius labeled as eccentric?

Moreover, Cotton, who had maintained a confident attitude, now seemed somewhat anxious. At that moment, Kang Hyun nodded and stood up.

“Alright, let’s consider today’s meeting as never having happened.”

“Wait―!”

At that moment, Cotton stood up urgently with a desperate look on his face. He nodded as if admitting defeat.

“Alright. I will sign an investment contract with VH Company. But please answer one question.”

“Of course.”

“Who exactly are you?”

It was pure curiosity. Cotton, a genius in the nanochip field, was so impressed that he was left speechless.

Kang Hyun answered without hesitation.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

