---
title: Chapter 234
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:54
tags:
---


"Oppa, you're so clumsy."

Yooha brushed off the sandwich crumbs from the corner of Kang Hyun's mouth. 

The sight was so tender that it felt as if honey were dripping from the Ice Queen's eyes.

Kang Hyun, with his hat pulled down low, gazed endlessly at Yooha's face.

He wanted to take off his hat, but he couldn't.

"Do you think anyone will recognize me today?"

"With your hat pulled down like this, I doubt it."

Kang Hyun felt like a celebrity. He couldn't have imagined that so many people would recognize him even in New York.

One day, he was eating crepes with Yooha on a street in Broadway, and so many people recognized him that Yooha almost fell, pushed by the crowd.

It could have been a bigger problem if the bodyguards hadn't arrived on time.

"But oppa, if you're recognized so much in New York, won't it be crazy when we go back to Korea?"

"It's because it's New York. People here are sensitive to gossip. It's not this bad in Korea."

"Really? Is that so?"

Yooha looked doubtful. It was understandable since Kang Hyun's presence in New York was indeed significant.

Maybe it was because of the attention from Hollywood celebrities. Kang Hyun's name kept appearing in New York's famous magazines.

He had even achieved the feat of being listed among the top 100 most influential musicians in the world. If he became more famous, he might attract paparazzi.

Just then.

"Tommy, instead of a sandwich, why don't you have a hamburger?"

Two men were bickering on a bench a bit away.

At the familiar name, Kang Hyun lifted his head and his eyes met the man called Tommy.

The moment their eyes met, Tommy's face, which had been irritated, turned into one of shock.

Damn it!

Kang Hyun realized that the man had recognized him. He couldn't let his precious date be interrupted like this.

As he was about to get up with Yooha.

"You're the violinist Hyun, right?"

Tommy hurriedly ran towards Kang Hyun. By then, Kang Hyun thought it might be better to give him an autograph and quiet him down.

"Yes, that's right! We are from ABA Broadcasting. If you have a moment, could we go to a cafe and talk?"

"I don't do interviews. I'm sorry, but I'm spending personal time now. Please contact my agency again."

"Wait, wait a moment!"

Kang Hyun turned around after the usual polite refusal.

Even if it seemed a bit cold, he had no choice. He had to be this firm with reporters, especially those from broadcasting stations, to avoid any lingering issues.

If he left any room for them, they would cling on to the end.

At that moment.

"We want to invite Mr. Hyun as the first guest on a program we are launching. It's the Elnon Show hosted by Elnon Fox!"

Kang Hyun's steps halted. The Elnon Show was an American talk show he enjoyed watching in his past life.

It was a globally famous program hosted by the famous comedian Elnon Fox.

Not only was it considered the best talk show after the Oprah Winfrey Show, but it was also destined to receive numerous Emmy Awards and even the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

*

It would be a lie to say he wasn't tempted.

"Did you say the Elnon Show just now?"

Kang Hyun moved to a nearby coffee shop with Tommy, who introduced himself as a producer from ABA Broadcasting.

With his hat pulled down low and the shop being empty, he didn't have to worry about others' gazes.

Having already confirmed Tommy's identity with ABA Broadcasting, the conversation flowed smoothly.

"Yes, you know Elnon Fox, right?"

"Of course, I do."

How could he not? Elnon Fox was the star of American sitcoms and talk shows that Kang Hyun enjoyed in his past life.

She was famous even now, but she would become one of the most globally renowned figures in the future.

Not only was she an accomplished comedian and actress, but she was also a talented TV writer.

Numerous Emmy Awards and People's Choice Awards attested to her popularity.

"But you're saying the first recording of the Elnon Show is this year?"

"Yes, have you heard anything about the Elnon Show? It's a program the broadcasting station is preparing in secret, so very few people know about it. Ah, by now, a few reporters might have heard rumors. The first broadcast will air nationwide in the U.S. in January next year after finishing the recording at the end of this year."

Kang Hyun was puzzled. As he recalled his past life, he wondered if the first broadcast date of the Elnon Show was indeed in 2001.

"Has Elnon Fox agreed to this invitation? What do the broadcasting station officials think? They might not be too pleased about me being the first guest."

It was the year 2000, and the excitement of the millennium hadn't yet subsided.

Even though it was said that racial discrimination had disappeared, remnants still lingered.

Moreover, it was still a time when the popularity of Asians in mainstream American society wasn't very high.

Most of the Asians acting in Hollywood were backed by Chinese capital.

"All the broadcasting station officials have agreed. Mr. Hyun's popularity has already been proven in Europe. I understand your concerns, but compared to Europe, you can say the U.S. is almost free of racial discrimination. The director is also a huge fan of yours and agreed unconditionally to my suggestion. If you don't believe me, I can contact him right here."

Kang Hyun couldn't grasp the extent of his own popularity.

It was understandable that he was popular in England, where the London Symphony existed.

He had performed for the British royal family and received high praise from Spencer, known as the heart of the London Symphony.

But the U.S. might be a different story.

"Of course, Elnon doesn't yet know who will be the first guest. She probably thinks it will be a famous Hollywood actor or celebrity. It's almost unheard of in broadcasting history to invite a classical musician as the first guest on a talk show. I hope you don't take this the wrong way."

"Of course not. I understand."

He couldn't blame Elnon.

If Kang Hyun himself were a talk show host, he wouldn't invite a classical musician as the first guest who could make or break the show.

Moreover, Kang Hyun was an Asian. Having lived abroad for a long time in his past life, Kang Hyun knew their way of thinking better than anyone.

"But I am confident that I can persuade Elnon."

Tommy's expression was determined, like a general heading into battle.

Kang Hyun also felt a desire. The opportunity to be the first guest on the Elnon Show, which he had enjoyed so much in his past life, was now within reach.

He had lived a life far from fame, but this was a different kind of ambition. However, he had to separate personal and professional matters.

"Alright."

"Pardon?"

"I will positively consider your invitation. But."

Kang Hyun added with a faint smile.

"You will need to discuss the appearance fee and other conditions with my agency. I will notify them in advance."

Director Im Hyera was undoubtedly the best negotiator he knew. She would surely secure satisfactory conditions.

At that moment, the eyes of ABA Broadcasting producer Tommy gleamed as if he had gained the world.

* * *

"Violinist Hyun?"

Elnon couldn't understand. Why would they want to invite a classical musician as the first guest on the program she was hosting?

At first, she thought Tommy, the producer, was joking.

She had no prejudice against the profession, but wasn't classical music's influence limited?

"He is the most popular classical musician right now."

"It's still classical music, isn't it? Moreover, an Asian? It's not that I dislike Asians, but isn't this supposed to be the flagship program of ABA Broadcasting? This is too different from the usual practices of the broadcasting station. Tommy, did the director really approve this?"

"Elnon, what era do you think this is? Are you talking about racial discrimination?"

"What are you talking about! It's not racial discrimination. Doesn't it make sense to invite a highly influential guest as the first guest? Moreover, classical music isn't popular in America. At first, I thought you were joking, Tommy!"

Elnon and Tommy continued their heated debate.

The broadcasting station officials understood Elnon well.

It was true that extreme racism had disappeared in the past, but it was still customary for broadcasters to avoid having Black or Asian guests on pilot programs.

Moreover, how could a violinist attract attention in America, where most people were unfamiliar with classical music?

"Instead of arguing, why not contact Hollywood directors?"

"Why Hollywood?"

"They can explain about Violinist Hyun more objectively than I can. You won't believe anything I say anyway."

Elnon didn't understand Tommy's words. Why bring up Hollywood all of a sudden?

But Elnon eventually contacted some Hollywood directors she knew.

- Violinist Hyun? Elnon, are you joking? He's one of the most famous people in New York right now. Hollywood is in an uproar because of him!

What?

It could have been just one person's opinion.

But.

- I know Hyun well. He composed the insert songs for my next project. I learned more about his hidden charm at a recent garden party. If I had a daughter, I wouldn't hesitate to marry her off to him.

Wasn't Jim Filmer, known for being extremely picky in Hollywood, praising Hyun?

Elnon didn't stop there. She also contacted James Cameron, known as the father of masterpieces.

- Elnon, I don't know if I can judge Hyun lightly. I don't know what answer you want from me, but if I were you, I would invite Hyun as the first guest no matter who else I could bring. Right now, I feel like begging him to appear in my movie rather than your show!

Elnon couldn't believe it. She never imagined getting such an answer from James Cameron.

James Cameron, one of the top directors in Hollywood, desperately wanted someone who wasn't even a famous actor but a violinist.

Elnon continued to call famous people she knew.

She contacted not only Hollywood directors but also famous journalists and celebrities from America and Europe.

The more calls she made, the clearer it became. Violinist Hyun was far beyond what Elnon had imagined.

Huh.

A bead of cold sweat trickled down Elnon's forehead after hanging up the phone.

Just who was this Violinist Hyun?


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

