---
title: Chapter 236
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:56
tags:
---


‘He looks much more handsome in person.’

Elnen couldn't take her eyes off Kang Hyun.

The image of Kang Hyun seen through video footage was close to that of a mysterious "boy." He had enchanting eyes that seemed to have come from an Eastern atlas.

However, the real-life Kang Hyun gave off a completely different impression in a good way.

“Hyun, don't you still want to shoot a pictorial as our boss's cover model?”

“I'm sorry, Editor. I don't really like taking photos.”

It was Miguel, the editor of Boss. His voice drew everyone's attention.

Surely, it was rare for Miguel to be so humble to someone. The editor of Boss, who always had his scarf stiffly tied around his neck and had an endlessly high nose, was now behaving differently. In a way, it was understandable.

The fame and prestige that Boss, the fashion magazine, held among the world's models were truly extraordinary.

It wasn't just about being famous; you had to be faithful to the nobility and splendor that were Boss's identity.

There was even a case in the '90s where they rejected a pictorial of the famous pop star and sex symbol Milen. Thanks to such instances, models considered it a dream to appear in a single shot of Boss, making it needless to say more.

“We will accommodate you in any way we can, even if it's just one shot. I'll beg you. Please, Hyun.”

“I'll consider it. But I can't give a definite answer right away. I'm currently working on composing a song for Director Jim Filmer's project.”

“Hyun, thank you so much! Don't worry about the time. Director Jim Filmer has been boasting about you so much that it's already the talk of Hollywood. Our Boss will always be waiting for you.”

It was truly surprising. Had Boss ever craved a model this much before?

Moreover, it wasn't just any pictorial but the cover. Even Hollywood's top actors and famous rock stars hadn't achieved this.

Seeing his real appearance, it would be a lie to say that an editor wouldn't be intrigued. Wasn't Elnen the same?

The Kang Hyun seen on the screen was nothing compared to his real-life charm. It could be said that the camera couldn't capture his allure at all. At that moment,

“Hyun?”

Elnen looked at another woman approaching Kang Hyun.

“Nice to meet you, I'm Lux. I'm also here to perform at the charity event, just like Hyun.”

It was Lux, a pop star who was topping the U.S. Billboard charts. She looked at Kang Hyun with a seductive gaze that would make any man fall for her.

But surprisingly, despite Lux's sultry gaze, known as the sex symbol of Billboard, Kang Hyun showed no signs of being shaken. However,

‘Definitely.’

Elnen saw it. Although it was fleeting, she noticed a look of disgust flash in Kang Hyun's eyes.

* * *

‘Why is she here?’

Kang Hyun clicked his tongue at the sight of pop star Lux. She had approached him first to build a rapport, so he had to smile and engage in conversation, but it was extremely awkward.

Lux seemed eager to continue talking to Kang Hyun, but he left the scene first. However, whenever their eyes met, she kept looking at him seductively.

“Hyun, it seems you don't like Lux?”

At Elnen's question, Kang Hyun almost answered, ‘Of course.’

“I just don't get a good feeling.”

In his past life, pop star Lux was a walking disaster. When she was known as the sex symbol, at least she had a sexy star image. A few years later, she was caught in hit-and-run drunk driving, and the only reason she didn't go to jail was because of her powerful family. But that wasn't all; drugs and numerous affairs eventually...

“Still, she's the hottest pop star on Billboard right now. Boss must have worked hard to get her for today’s event. There are many prominent figures here.”

As Elnen said, there were so many notable figures from New York's political and business circles that it was hard to believe it was a charity event.

Looking at their faces, one could tell how much effort Boss had put into this event.

“The first performance is by the band Obryk, which is currently heating up the entire U.S.”

The charity event started with a performance by the band Obryk. Kang Hyun knew the name of the band as well. However, it wasn't the type of music Kang Hyun liked in his past life, so he didn't listen to it often.

The next performer was pop star Lux, whom Kang Hyun also barely remembered.

Currently, she was a pop star reigning on Billboard and globally famous, but a few years later, she would be involved in drug use and promiscuous relationships.

There was even a saying that if Canada had Justin Bieber, the U.S. had Lux.

Finally,

“It’s the stage of violinist Hyun.”

Kang Hyun walked onto the outdoor stage. Even though some of the most prominent figures in the U.S. were in the audience, there was nothing to be nervous about.

Wasn't it obvious? He had experience performing in the British Royal Court. There were probably few people as young as him with such an impressive stage career. Historically speaking, perhaps only the child Mozart who performed at Schönbrunn Palace could compare.

Kang Hyun gently closed his eyes.

As the violin rested on his shoulder, the world seemed to fall into silence.

The audience, already familiar with Kang Hyun's reputation, watched in breathless anticipation.

Kang Hyun thought of someone. Among the many greats like Mozart, Eugène Ysaÿe, and Jascha Heifetz, only one remained in his mind.

A person who played the violin in outdoor performances, surrounded by nature, perfectly suited for such events.

A brilliant and bold master who captivated people's attention.

*Ziiing.*

As the bow touched the strings, a sharp resonant sound cut through the air.

Kang Hyun's eyelids stayed closed. Amid the faintly scattering resonant sound, he slowly opened his eyes halfway.

While the audience held their breath, Kang Hyun smiled.

Now, it’s time to show them. The melody of Paganini, reinterpreted by Kang Hyun.

* * *

Thump thump thump.

Elnen felt like she had gone back to her childhood.

Watching Kang Hyun, her heart couldn't stop pounding.

It reminded her of when she used to chase after the legendary rock stars like Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix, and Janis Joplin. Just as she was intoxicated by their music, she was still deeply moved even after Kang Hyun's performance ended.

“Wow.”

Other audience members who listened to Kang Hyun's performance had the same reaction. If Lux's song was uplifting and pleasant to hear, Kang Hyun's performance felt like a dream, enchanting everyone.

Elnen fully understood why Hollywood directors wanted Kang Hyun. Just listening to his music could paint a picture in one's mind.

“Hyun, it was a wonderful performance.”

As soon as Kang Hyun stepped down from the stage, Lux approached and congratulated him. Kang Hyun gave a brief nod and accepted the compliment.

“How much do you think the donation from the performance will be?”

“Donation?”

“You didn't know? Donations are collected through performances at charity events. Attendees pay for the performances of the artists they like. I'm sure many will donate after seeing my performance.”

It was unexpected news. Who would've thought donations would be collected through performances? As Lux said, preparations were already being made to auction off the performance amounts. It seemed Boss had prepared a unique charity event.

“Hyun, would you like to make a bet with me?”

A bet?

“If my performance raises more money than yours, you have to go on a date with me.”

“What?”

“I usually don't ask people out, but I just can't help it with you.”

Damn it.

In his past life, Kang Hyun had heard so many rumors about Lux, even though he had little interest in the entertainment world. She had scandalous rumors with every famous male actor in Hollywood. Some of them were even married, so it wasn't just talk.

* * *

‘Should I make a donation?’

Kang Hyun didn't accept Lux's bet. However, he didn't want his performance amount to be less than hers.

He wanted to participate in the donation himself, but the organizers had already announced that artists who performed would not receive donations.

At that moment, Miguel, who was hosting the event, spoke into the microphone.

“Then, we will start accepting donations for the first performance by the band Obryk. The donations will be auctioned, and only the highest bid will be accepted as the final donation amount. Of course, other bids can also be donated if the participants wish.”

It seemed Boss had a good grasp of the wealthy's psychology.

The outdoor party venue was filled not only with political and business figures but also many famous journalists. What happened today would surely be known all over the U.S. soon.

“I'll donate $300,000.”

“Then I'll donate $450,000.”

“$500,000.”

The wealthy were throwing around dollars as if they were buying snacks from a neighborhood store. After all, it was a donation for children with cancer, so it wasn’t a bad thing. The amount of donations piling up from the start was astounding.

“Next, we will accept donations for pop star Lux’s performance.”

Lux had a confident expression, as sultry as her gaze.

“$600,000.”

“Lord Coil, are you going to be so stingy after watching Lux’s performance? I'll donate $700,000.”

“Both of you, put your wallets away. Here, $950,000.”

It seemed like a few people who had personal relationships with Lux were competing to donate more.

They were all wealthy individuals with greasy, gold-plated faces. Lux’s confident expression was understandable. Lastly,

“This is for the performance by violinist Hyun. The final performance was so enchanting. We would appreciate it if many people participated in the donation auction.”

Elnen had a determined expression as if to say, ‘Trust me.’ On the other hand, she had the dominant thought that Kang Hyun's amount should not be lower than Lux's. At that moment,

“Hyun, your performance was truly wonderful.”

An unexpected voice reached Kang Hyun's ears. He turned his head with a puzzled look.

When Kang Hyun saw the owner of the familiar voice, he smiled broadly. If this person was attending the party, Lux would never beat him in donation amount. He probably had more wealth than anyone present here.

“I will make sure to uphold Hyun’s honor today.”

It was Barbara Tannenbaum, the chairman of the Barbara Group.