---
title: Chapter 237
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:57
tags:
---


[Breaking news from Dream, an Austrian venture company, announcing a successful expansion in lithium-ion battery safety. Although this is only the result of the first phase of development, it is considered highly significant for the lithium-ion industry. Let's invite an expert to discuss the details.]

Indeed, even in Silicon Valley, where only the best talents gather, success in developing lithium-ion battery safety was not guaranteed.

The industry was in turmoil like waves because such a significant development was achieved by mere beginners who had only dropped out of college.

There were even rumors that this might be the reincarnation of Microsoft's Bill Gates, highlighting the enormous impact.

Kim Sangguk clicked his tongue as he watched the news on the screen. He had known about this for months, having been contacted by Dream.

Kim Sangguk had thought Kang Hyun's bold investment strategy was high-risk, high-return, but it was entirely different.

Like the touch of Midas, seven out of ten talents picked by Kang Hyun kept succeeding. Even Warren Buffett, known as the emperor of investments, was not at this level.

"At this rate, Hyun might really become the youngest chairman in South Korea."

It wasn't an impossible assumption. Kim Sangguk had seen countless members of conglomerate families while working at Jeil Group, but cases like Kang Hyun, who achieved everything with his own hands, were extremely rare.

Moreover, wasn't he still only twenty years old in Korean age?

Most of his peers, the third generation of conglomerate families, were either studying abroad or idly playing around. Even the smart ones were in similar situations.

In conservative Korean society, it was unheard of for a twenty-year-old to occupy an executive position in a major corporation, no matter how wealthy their family was.

In that sense, it wasn't an exaggeration to say that Kang Hyun was rewriting the history of South Korean business.

"Director, Jinil Securities contacted us again. This time, the vice president contacted us directly, saying he wants to have dinner with you."

"Hey, call me Director, not Chief."

"Sorry, I'm still used to calling you Chief. Anyway, I'll cut off the contact from Jinil Securities like before."

Kim Sangguk nodded briefly. It had only been a few months since VH Company established its base in South Korea, but they were already receiving numerous external contacts.

From securities firms seeking investment partnerships to institutions reaching out, the demand was overwhelming.

VH Company's popularity in the securities market was almost comparable to Jeil Group's strategic planning office, to put it mildly.

This was likely due to Kang Hyun's full support and welfare benefits.

Thanks to investments in Barbara Mining and the Austrian Calvin Pharmaceutical Company, VH Company had already made a significant mark in the investment world.

Not only was their salary the highest in the industry, but their welfare benefits were also better than those of most Western conglomerates.

In short, Kang Hyun was generously reinvesting corporate profits internally.

Perhaps this was why many people in the investment industry expressed a desire to join VH Company. However,

The key employees of VH Company were all personally selected by Kim Sangguk.

He gathered talents from other companies he had his eyes on, as well as resources who retired from the strategic planning office, without missing a single one.

It was like a gathering of the best talents in South Korea, making it difficult for anyone with an average career to even submit a resume to VH Company.

"Director, I tried to cut off the contact, but the vice president of Jinil Securities was very persistent. When I kept refusing, the president himself contacted us, saying he wants to meet the representative of VH Company."

"Are you talking about President Kang Kyungryok?"

"Yes, you know how hot-tempered those people are."

Having worked in the strategic planning office, it was safe to say he had information on the representatives of all major domestic securities firms. But,

"Tell them the representative of VH Company is too busy and doesn't have time."

"If we say that, they will get very angry and spread bad rumors about VH Company in the industry, like before."

"Let them spread rumors. It's not because we fear them but because they're dirty. A cowardly dog barks more, after all."

If they knew who was backing Kang Hyun, it would be like nailing their own coffin. Moreover, Kang Hyun didn't have time to meet such insignificant people.

* * *

Ellen swallowed unconsciously. Others at the party felt the same tension.

An unknown tension filled the room. The reason was simple. Barbara Tannenbaum, the chairman of Barbara Group, appeared at the party.

'Is that really Barbara?'

Some even rubbed their eyes with their sleeves to confirm her presence.

Who was Barbara Tannenbaum? A Jewish magnate in the fields of mining, railroads, and real estate, even among the top tycoons in the United States.

Her insight and vision were famous in the investment world. Even Warren Buffett acknowledged her, which said a lot.

She was as hard to meet as the President of the United States.

Even though the people at the outdoor party were influential figures in New York, they were like fireflies before the sun compared to Barbara.

"Chairman Barbara, thank you so much for coming to our boss's charity event."

Miguel, who was conducting the charity auction on stage, trembled as he held the microphone.

He never dreamed that Barbara would actually show up. Barbara responded to the welcome with a gentlemanly smile.

Perhaps because of Barbara's presence, the charity auction for Kang Hyun's performance was momentarily forgotten by everyone.

"$2 million."

Barbara spoke with a faint smile. Miguel, looking puzzled, finally realized what she meant.

"The first bid for the charity auction of violinist Hyun's performance is $2 million!"

As expected of a tycoon. Even though it was $2 million, she acted as if she were handing over a lucky $2 bill.

Her elegance and dignity were so overwhelming that even the pop star Lux, who had been eyeing Kang Hyun seductively, couldn't approach him.

Meanwhile, others were full of questions.

How on earth did Barbara Tannenbaum, the chairman of Barbara Group, know Kang Hyun?

Based on the external information about Kang Hyun, wasn't he just a mysterious musical genius from the East?

On the surface, there seemed to be no connection between him and the Jewish tycoon Barbara Tannenbaum.

Moreover, Barbara was known for not meeting people easily. How could her "Lunch with Barbara" ticket at Sotheby's fetch at least a million dollars each year? But,

Swallow.

Barbara Tannenbaum was now chatting with Kang Hyun, smiling. Although the content of their conversation wasn't audible, they seemed quite friendly even to an outsider.

Everyone at the party, including Ellen, had the feeling that Kang Hyun might be a much bigger deal than they had thought.

* * *

"Hyun, it's nice to meet you like this after a long time."

After the charity event, Kang Hyun was invited to dinner by Barbara. It seemed Barbara had come to New York specifically to meet him.

Even the 'Boss' who hosted the charity event didn't seem to know that Chairman Barbara would make an appearance.

"Did I boost your reputation enough?"

"Of course, Chairman."

"In fact, compared to your performance, that amount of donation was quite modest."

Not only did she boost his reputation, but the looks of surprise and curiosity from the people at the party were still vividly etched in Kang Hyun's mind.

Most of them were looking back and forth between Kang Hyun and Barbara with surprise and curiosity. Ellen was no exception.

It was only natural. They must be wondering how Kang Hyun was connected to Chairman Barbara.

"How is life in New York? I heard from Tanya that you're staying at the Carlton Hotel."

"Yes, I'm currently staying at the Carlton Hotel and working in the studio provided by my agency. The only inconvenience is that more people recognize me on the streets than I expected."

"If it's you, Hyun, you'll become even more famous. How about staying at my hotel instead of the Carlton?"

She was referring to the Barbara Hotel. Knowing her personality, she would undoubtedly offer the best suite.

Kang Hyun politely declined. He was already grateful that Chairman Barbara had made such a large donation after watching his performance, and staying in a suite would be too much.

The Carlton Hotel he was currently staying at was also one of the most renowned hotels in New York. Then,

"Actually, the reason I came to see you today is to ask you something."

Barbara wiped her mouth with a napkin and continued.

"There is a company that the Barbara Group is considering for a large-scale investment. We've already reviewed their financial statements and confidential documents. Our judgment is that it's a pretty good investment. However, there's something that bothers me."

Kang Hyun was puzzled. The employees working at Barbara Group were undoubtedly some of the brightest minds in the U.S. Moreover, Chairman Barbara's insight was as renowned as that of Chairman Wang.

"I came to seek your advice, Hyun."

"Advice from me?"

"Yes, do you remember our first meeting? An Eastern boy boldly proposed a deal to me."

'There are three reasons why you should make a deal with me, Ms. Barbara.'

Suddenly, memories of the past flooded Kang Hyun's mind. Barbara, also recalling that day, smiled pleasantly and said,

"I know that you are running an investment company called VH Company in Korea. This time, I came to New York to propose a deal to you. Not as violinist Hyun, but as the representative of VH Company."

"Chairman, if you don't mind me asking, which company are you considering for investment?"

"You might know it as AOA, a pharmaceutical company that's been making a name for itself recently."

AOA...?

That name sounded familiar.

Kang Hyun felt a sense of déjà vu. Then, memories of his past life quickly flooded his mind.

How could he forget? AOA was the pharmaceutical company that nearly led the U.S. into a great depression before the subprime mortgage crisis.

At that moment, Kang Hyun realized that Chairman Barbara had come to the right person, more than anyone else.