---
title: Chapter 238
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:58
tags:
---


"Fantastic."

Director Jim Filmer's face was clearly filled with excitement. He had spent a lifetime in Hollywood. Although he had encountered countless films and music, he had never felt his whole body heat up like this before.

Kang Hyun had sent the second draft much earlier than expected.

Listening to the seven insertion songs, Director Jim Filmer felt as if he were dreaming. He was certain that even drugs wouldn't release this much adrenaline.

"Exclude a song from here?"

Kang Hyun had sent seven songs in the second draft and asked Director Jim Filmer to choose the ones he wanted.

At first, he thought he had heard the number of songs wrong. Could someone compose seven songs in such a short time?

Even the top composers and music directors in Hollywood couldn't achieve this.

Moreover, all seven songs sent by Kang Hyun captivated Director Jim Filmer's ears. The music alone made it feel as if scenes were unfolding before his eyes.

"This song can't be left out!"

The cherry on top was the orchestral piece. While other songs were made with Kang Hyun playing the piano and violin himself, this song was a sample made using a synthesizer, an electronic instrument.

However, despite being a sample, Director Jim Filmer felt a shiver run through his body as soon as he heard the introduction.

Though it was just electronic harmonies created by human hands, the densely packed notes matched the theme of the work, which was thrill and horror.

The cries and joy blooming within the somber sadness awaited the day they could spread their wings, waiting for the audience.

How could such a masterpiece be composed in such a short time?

He even asked Kang Hyun if it was a piece he had originally composed.

"No, I started composing it right after reading your script, Director. So it's still rough and has many parts that need refinement. Please consider it as a second draft."

It was unbelievable. Each piece composed by Kang Hyun was an inspiration that perfectly aligned with the script's values.

The orchestral piece, in particular, was so invigorating that it could be called the culmination of the script.

If the sampling made with electronic instruments was this good, could they handle the tidal wave of emotions if it was performed with an actual orchestra?

"Megan, contact Hyun immediately. And also get in touch with the New York Philharmonic. There must be some free time in their schedule."

But the answer that came back was unexpected.

"Director, I'm sorry, but Mr. Hyun already has a prior engagement."

"A prior engagement? I thought he would be in his studio or Central Park around this time?"

"Normally, yes, but today he attended a charity event hosted by Boss. And I heard he left the party after meeting an acquaintance there. This information is from Editor-in-Chief Miguel of Boss, so it should be accurate."

"Who did he meet?"

Kang Hyun was famous. But he seemed somewhat reluctant to become well-known.

Maybe that's why, even in New York, the only places he frequented were his studio and hotel. Except for occasional dates with his girlfriend, he rarely met others.

But the answer that followed made Director Jim Filmer doubt his ears.

"It's Barbara Tannenbaum, the chairman of Barbara Group."

* * *

The reason Barbara Tannenbaum moved to New York herself was simple. She wanted to meet Kang Hyun to seek advice.

It might seem absurd for the chairman of Barbara Group, a global tycoon, to seek advice from a violinist.

Who is Barbara Tannenbaum? One of the prominent Jewish figures of the 20th century, and while Bill Gates of Microsoft is the dream for engineering students from MIT and other technical universities, Chairman Barbara is the role model for Ivy League students and a lifelong idol.

The value she created in America was not just innovative but revolutionary.

She not only revived the dormant railroad and gold mining industries but also attracted investments from multiple angles. Her foresight and knowledge were already famous worldwide.

"To meet Chairman Barbara, you have to wait a year."

This was a common saying in the financial and political circles. Even wealthy and powerful people found it difficult to arrange a meeting with her.

This proves that many people want to meet her.

Even the President of the United States had to make an appointment in advance to meet Chairman Barbara, which shows how great her reputation and status were.

"Tanya, do you know why I'm seeking advice from Hyun?"

Chairman Barbara had never met anyone who left a strong impression on her as much as Kang Hyun did in her entire life.

Looking back, their first meeting was unusual. A boy from the East won a lunch auction to have a meal with her and even proposed a deal.

"It was because of his mysterious eyes."

Though he looked like a boy, the depth in his eyes was immeasurable.

His eyes were as clear and transparent as the lake of a Tibetan high monk, and they seemed to belong to an ancient scholar who had lived long years.

Moreover, the eccentricities Kang Hyun showed didn't end there. During their occasional conversations, she was frequently astonished by his knowledge and insight.

The boy spoke as if he could see the distant future. Barbara had to admit that the boy was far ahead of her.

"Pharmaceutical Company AOA."

It was a tempting investment opportunity that anyone would be fascinated by. Not only American investment companies but also institutions were secretly eager to invest in AOA.

The reason was simple. The new drug developed by AOA had not only entered clinical trials but also showed visible results.

Some even said that compared to the new drug from Calvin Pharmaceuticals, which shook the stock market in Austria a few months ago, AOA's upcoming new drug was like a puppy before a tiger.

It was evaluated as a potential game-changer for the global bio-market.

"Tanya, don't you think it's too smooth?"

However, this information was not yet known to the public. But a few wealthy and powerful people were well aware of it.

Barbara Group was also considering a massive investment in AOA. But for some reason, Chairman Barbara hesitated to make the investment.

Despite repeatedly verifying confidential documents, her hand wouldn't easily sign the approval papers.

"Hyun, I want your advice on whether our Barbara Group should invest in pharmaceutical company AOA."

What would Hyun say to her question?

In fact, there was a possibility that Hyun didn't know much about AOA. But Barbara believed in him. Not as a violinist, but as Hyun, the CEO of VH Company, who had confidently proposed a deal to her in the past.

At that moment.

"How much do you trust me, Chairman Barbara?"

"I can't say one hundred percent readily. I'm sorry, but that's the nature of business people. Moreover, the employees of Barbara Group trust and support me. But if it's a story you stake your name on, I, Barbara, will trust you completely."

"Understood. Then I'll stake my name and tell you."

Kang Hyun looked Chairman Barbara straight in the eyes and continued.

"If I were Chairman Barbara, I would completely withdraw Barbara Group's investment in AOA."

A peculiar emotion flickered in Chairman Barbara's brown eyes.

As expected, Hyun was a mysterious boy that she couldn't evaluate by her standards.

* * *

"He did it."

The reason Kang Hyun could tell Chairman Barbara to withdraw the investment in AOA was simple.

Looking back at his past life, the clinical trials of AOA's new drug weren't successful, but they had leaked false information to manipulate stock prices.

In fact, they had attempted several clinical trials of entirely different new drugs to deceive people. Their process was so thorough that even institutions fell for it.

Because of this, there was a saying in Wall Street to buy AOA's stock at any cost.

But.

Their fraudulent activities were exposed within a year. Fortunately, institutions and investment companies noticed it early and pulled out, but individual investors who bought at high prices had no way out.

Because of this, before the subprime mortgage crisis, the AOA incident was the biggest financial crisis for American citizens.

"Later, many new drug companies modeled their scams after AOA."

That's why there's a saying to be cautious with biotech stocks. Kang Hyun repeatedly pondered how to explain this to Chairman Barbara. But.

"Alright, I'll trust your words, Hyun."

"Chairman?"

"If you speak with such confidence, there must be a reason. But seeing your hesitation, I guess you can't fully explain it here. Don't worry, I'll gradually learn the reason for your answer as I investigate AOA."

Is it to this extent?

Kang Hyun couldn't hide his surprise at Chairman Barbara's trust in him.

After all, Chairman Barbara was a well-known tycoon in America. Her insight was far deeper than that of most people.

Such a person trusted Kang Hyun completely. Just because he spoke with his name at stake.

"Even if your advice is wrong, I don't mind. So don't worry about today's advice."

However, Chairman Barbara's eyes were not those of someone who didn't trust. On the contrary, she seemed to trust Hyun more than ever because of his unwavering demeanor.

Kang Hyun couldn't understand what part of him fascinated Chairman Barbara so much.

But the emotions felt by the many great people who had met Hyun wouldn't be different from Chairman Barbara's.

"Thank you for trusting me, Chairman."

"Hyun, rather, I should thank you. I will make sure to repay this advice generously."

"I didn't say it expecting a reward, so you don't have to keep it in mind. Besides, I couldn't even explain my answer properly."

"No. I trust your advice more than anyone in the world. The look in your eyes just now was the same as when you first proposed a deal with me. You can expect a reward."

If Barbara Group had made a large-scale investment in AOA Pharmaceuticals, they would surely suffer significant losses even if they pulled out not too late.

If Chairman Barbara realized that, the reward Hyun would receive wouldn't be ordinary.

Moreover, considering the deepening relationship with Chairman Barbara, it was advice worth more than gold.

"Thank you for trusting me, Chairman."

"Hyun, rather, I should thank you. I will make sure to repay this advice generously."

"I didn't say it expecting a reward, so you don't have to keep it in mind. Besides, I couldn't even explain my answer properly."

"No. I trust your advice more than anyone in the world. The look in your eyes just now was the same as when you first proposed a deal with me. You can expect a reward."

If Barbara Group had made a large-scale investment in AOA Pharmaceuticals, they would surely suffer significant losses even if they pulled out not too late.

If Chairman Barbara realized that, the reward Hyun would receive wouldn't be ordinary.

Moreover, considering the deepening relationship with Chairman Barbara, it was advice worth more than gold.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

