---
title: Chapter 240
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:00
tags:
---


- It has been reported that violinist Kang Hyun has been selected as the music director for the upcoming film "Horror" by renowned Hollywood director Jim Filmer. It is quite surprising that Kang Hyun, who is only 20 years old, has been chosen as the music director for a master like Jim Filmer, who is not a rookie director. Moreover, it is said that other renowned directors have also expressed their desire to work with Kang Hyun. Let's hear the opinion of Han Ji-won, the president of the Korean Film Association, on this matter.

- It's truly astonishing. However, Kang Hyun has already showcased his talents as the music director for the French film "La Vie en Rose" and the Italian-German co-production "Paganini." Perhaps because of that, his popularity among filmmakers has been significant for quite some time. I understand that numerous directors have been consistently sending love calls to Kang Hyun from Chungmuro to Hollywood over the years. This is unprecedented for an Asian musician.

- Does this mean that Kang Hyun's popularity, which is currently causing a sensation in Hollywood, might not be a short-lived meteor shower but could last for a long time? According to news from Hollywood, director Jim Filmer couldn't stop praising the insert song composed by Kang Hyun, calling it the music that would decorate the climax of his film career.

The anchor's voice was evidently excited. Unsurprisingly, the wrinkled face of Han Ji-won, seated opposite, also showed unmistakable signs of excitement.

This was because there had hardly been any musician in the Korean film industry who had left such a strong impression.

President Han Ji-won nodded vigorously in agreement and began to speak.

- Undoubtedly, the emergence of such a genius in Korea can be considered a great fortune for the country.

* * *

I suddenly wondered how Hollywood's top actors could live under such intense scrutiny.

The interest from reporters had already heightened due to the numerous love calls from Hollywood directors, but it wasn't to this extent.

Perhaps because of the rumor that "the big hand that moved Barbara Tannenbaum is none other than violinist Hyun," even paparazzi had started to appear.

Sure enough, somehow they had even figured out the location of my studio, and reporters were staking it out.

Because of this, Director Im Hyera even went out of her way to find me another studio.

“Hyun……?!”

Just now, on my way back from buying a sandwich, I made eye contact with an unknown paparazzo.

One would usually panic when making eye contact, but the paparazzo, upon seeing my face hidden under a hat, hurriedly grabbed his camera.

I could understand why so many Hollywood stars flip off the paparazzi.

I wanted to approach the paparazzo and smash the camera he was holding, but if I did, another paparazzo would surely capture that scene.

Damn it!

I barely managed to shake off the paparazzi and arrived at the new studio.

Paparazzi felt like the endlessly multiplying ants of an anthill. To them, I must be like sweet sugar.

“Should I leave New York quickly…….”

The interest wouldn't be this intense in Korea. In Korea, where a Confucian society has deep roots, paparazzi wouldn't be able to run rampant like this. Anyway.

“A wedding for Soo?”

I heard that the wedding of Soo, the eldest son of the Geumwang Group, was taking place in New York today.

Once, right after landing at the airport in England, I was almost kidnapped to the mansion of the Geumwang Group without knowing it.

Thanks to that, I formed a bond with Soo, and even now, after several years, we still exchange New Year's greetings during Chinese New Year or the Lunar New Year.

I never imagined that I would maintain a long-standing friendship with Soo, who was known as a mere unfortunate second-generation chaebol in my previous life.

Moreover, I received invitations and plane tickets for both the New York and China weddings.

- Hyun, you are already my dear friend. You are the only friend with whom I have shared my heart for such a long time, regardless of age and nationality. I would be very grateful if you could come to my wedding.

Soo even contacted me personally.

What is the Geumwang Group? It is a giant company that is renowned not only in China but also in the world.

Considering the future expansion of the Chinese market, any global billionaire would want to establish ties with the Geumwang Group.

Not only was I invited to the wedding of the eldest son of the Geumwang Group, but Soo personally called to ask me to come, so there was no point in discussing Dongjoo Chemicals' expansion into China any further. Just then.

The doorbell of the studio rang. A paparazzo? No way, given the tight security of the studio, which Director Im Hyera had invested a lot of money to secure.

In fact, the Geumwang Group had already informed me that they would send someone. When I opened the door, a familiar figure appeared.

“Wang Chun?”

It was Wang Chun, the driver of the Geumwang Group, who had once kidnapped me at the airport in England.

* * *

Wang Chun was just a rookie who had recently joined the Geumwang Group a few years ago.

But now, he had become the personal driver of 'Soo,' the eldest son known as the de facto successor of the Geumwang Group.

When I first went on a business trip to England a few years ago, I never imagined things would turn out like this.

Glancing.

Wang Chun looked at Kang Hyun's face through the rearview mirror and recalled that time.

He had been ordered to pick up the young master and went to the airport, but to his surprise, he ended up picking up an unexpected person. Just thinking about it still sent chills down his spine.

It was not a mere funny incident. If things had gone wrong, he could have been fired without any excuse.

If he had been fired on the spot, he would never have been able to face his parents, who had slaughtered a pig and thrown a village feast to celebrate his employment at the Geumwang Group.

However, with crisis comes opportunity, and who would have thought that the Asian boy he mistakenly picked up and the eldest son of the Geumwang Group, Soo, would become inseparable friends?

“Mr. Hyun, are you comfortable?”

“Of course. Your driving skills are as excellent as ever. By the way, how is your mother's condition?”

“Oh, you remember. Thanks to the treatment she received at the Geumwang Group's hospital, my mother has recovered significantly. Now she is healthy enough to tend to her small garden.”

Wang Chun found the person named Kang Hyun in the back seat to be truly mysterious. His Cantonese was fluent, almost as if he had lived in China for a long time. Moreover, he still remembered the condition of his mother that he had mentioned in passing years ago.

“Is Mr. Soo doing well?”

“He's been very busy with business expansion and the wedding, but he's healthier than ever. Occasionally, he talks about you, Mr. Hyun. He says that if he hadn't mistakenly picked you up back then, this deep friendship wouldn't have formed.”

The eldest son of the Geumwang Group was known for his reluctance to meet people, to the point of declining the position of successor.

But after meeting Kang Hyun in England, hadn't he completely changed? Of course, it was a positive change.

Thanks to this, the Geumwang Group was now experiencing its second golden age in China.

“I dare say that thanks to Mr. Hyun, the young master has changed a lot. Because of that, the Geumwang Group can maintain its position as one of the leading powers on the continent.”

“No, it's because Mr. Soo is inherently exceptional.”

As Soo's personal driver, Wang Chun had heard countless stories about Kang Hyun.

Each anecdote about Kang Hyun was so incredible that it seemed unbelievable, and his genius musical talent was becoming prominent.

Moreover, he was so humble that how could anyone not like him as a person?

* * *

With Wang Chun's help, Kang Hyun dressed in a pre-prepared suit at a famous tailor shop in New York.

The wedding, held at a grand mansion in the suburbs of New York, was majestic from the entrance itself.

Not only were there numerous security personnel, but the line of luxury cars entering was enough to rival any mansion in terms of price.

‘Warren Buffett?’

It felt like all the famous figures from America, whom one would recognize by just mentioning their names, had gathered. These were people whom I had only seen on TV or in newspapers in my previous life.

Even before the wedding started, people were busy greeting each other, flaunting their connections.

No matter how much I looked around, it was difficult to find an Asian who looked as young as me. Just then.

“Hyun!”

Soo, whom I hadn't seen in a long time, came out to greet me in a tuxedo. Most people attending the wedding seemed eager to greet Soo, but the first guest was none other than Kang Hyun.

“It’s been so long. I always get your concert DVDs and watch them. I heard that you caused a huge sensation in Hollywood this time too. Your musical talent is truly heaven-sent. Oh, and this is my sister, Huai. Say hello; she’s also a big fan of yours.”

Kang Hyun greeted Soo's sister, Huai.

She was much younger and more sophisticated than what I had seen in the news in my previous life, a typical Chinese beauty. For example, she resembled Fan Bingbing, who became popular later.

Moreover, in my previous life, she was the real successor of the Geumwang Group instead of Soo. She was ranked among the most beautiful CEOs in the world.

“Mr. Hyun, it's really nice to meet you. Soo always talks so much about you that I almost have calluses in my ears. Because of that, I also became a big fan of yours. By the way, you didn’t come with your fiancé today? I heard you have a girlfriend in New York?”

‘I can’t say that my fiancé is a high school student who is attending school now.’ Kang Hyun answered with a faint smile. Huai narrowed her eyes, looking as if she saw something she coveted.

Kang Hyun exchanged greetings with Huai and quickly left the spot. Fortunately, Soo seemed too busy to feel sad about parting with Kang Hyun, as he had many people to greet.

‘It’s dazzling.’

You could tell it was a Chinese wedding by the gold and red decorations everywhere. If it wasn’t explained as New York, it could easily be mistaken for a mansion in Beijing.

Famous guests attending the wedding occasionally glanced at Kang Hyun, but he didn’t mind.

It must be because of the rumors circulating on Wall Street. Just as he was walking towards the wine.

“Oppa—!”

An awkward Korean phrase penetrated his ears.

“Huh?”

When he turned his head, he saw a familiar figure. It was a Chinese kid who used to follow him around like the Pied Piper.

Kang Hyun couldn’t believe his eyes and asked the person.

“Deng Weiping?”

It was Deng Weiping, who had now grown up and was no longer a kid but a young boy.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

