---
title: Chapter 242
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:02
tags:
---


“Nice to meet you, I'm Tom Buster.”

The White House Chief of Staff had sharp eyes. His angular jaw looked more suited for a soldier than a civilian.

“I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Hyun. You're quite an impressive person for your age.”

What kind of rumors had spread about me that even the White House Chief knew about me? Tom was looking at me with a curious gaze.

“You flatter me.”

“No, not at all. To be acquainted with Mr. Soo from Geumwang Group and Barbara Tannenbaum from Barbara Group at such a young age is beyond impressive. Many corporate executives want to be friends with them, but it's as difficult as reaching for the stars. Even I might not have met them if I hadn't become the White House Chief of Staff. But Mr. Hyun, not only are you friends with them, Barbara Tannenbaum even changed her investment direction because of you, didn't she?”

“I merely gave some advice. The decision was ultimately made by Chairwoman Tannenbaum. I didn't provide much help.”

“Impossible. Chairwoman Barbara Tannenbaum is someone who wouldn't yield even to pressure from the White House. I'm certain that even if the President himself tried, he couldn't sway her decisions. To have influenced such a person to change her investment direction, I'm very curious about you, Mr. Hyun.”

Ah, that look. I had received that look several times before.

It was the same look that many prominent figures, including Chairman Wang, gave me. But Tom, the White House Chief of Staff, was far more dangerous.

If he found out that I knew about the future, he might kidnap me and send me to NASA's research lab.

At that moment, Tom, as if reading my thoughts, added with a friendly smile.

“Haha, don't worry, I'm not going to ask you for the specifics of how you won over Chairwoman Barbara Tannenbaum and Mr. Soo of Geumwang Group. Actually, I'm a bigger fan of you as a violinist, Mr. Hyun. You probably don't know, but I've watched all your concert videos.”

“Thank you.”

“By the way, do you have any concert schedules planned in New York or Washington?”

“Pardon?”

He wasn't just being polite. The more I talked with Tom, the more I realized he was a fervent fan of mine.

He knew details about me that only someone with a genuine interest would know, not just superficial knowledge.

Especially when he mentioned how many times I wiped my sweat with a handkerchief during a concert three years ago, I got goosebumps.

“That day, you wiped your sweat exactly three times. It was a memorable concert because you usually don't sweat much even during intense performances. I've been eagerly waiting for the day you would hold a concert in the U.S.”

After the conversation with the White House Chief of Staff, I also spoke with Deng Zheng.

Talking sequentially with powerful figures from the U.S. and China drew continuous attention from those around me. Then it happened.

“Hyun?”

A familiar voice made me turn my head, and there stood Ellen. She was also a well-known comedian in the U.S., but among the celebrities present, her presence was somewhat subdued.

However, Ellen's eyes were not ordinary. She was looking at me with an even more intense gaze than before, almost as if she was treating me like a VIP.

* * *

“Hey...”

Son Yooha sighed as she watched a male student approach her.

In the past, it would have been one of the male students approaching her to make a pass at her, considering she was the queen of the prestigious Phillips Academy. But recently, the male students approaching her were quite different.

“Have you heard if Hyun's concert will be held in New York?”

The reason why male students, who usually had no interest in classical music, were now so keen on Kang Hyun was twofold.

The first reason was Kang Hyun’s recent lecture. Wasn't Phillips Academy known for having the highest academic fervor in the New York school district? In this place, where most students were selected for their excellence and aimed for Ivy League schools, Kang Hyun had captivated many students as if he had cast a spell.

The second reason was the influence of Kang Hyun's concert videos.

‘Hero?’

Ms. Jessica, the music teacher, had once used Kang Hyun's concert video as an audiovisual material in the auditorium for the entire school.

A few years ago, on that day, Kang Hyun looked quite young among the Western students.

Considering that such a young boy had shaken Europe and Britain alone, some students, immersed in Orientalism, even called Kang Hyun a superhuman.

“Is there any talk about a second lecture?”

Rumor had it that quite a number of male students, as well as female students from Phillips, had joined the New York chapter of Kang Hyun's fan club, F.H.

Kang Hyun was undeniably a man with a charm that could captivate people regardless of gender. Son Yooha shook her head firmly.

‘Even if there is another lecture, I must stop it!’

Had she known he would become this popular, she would never have invited Kang Hyun to lecture at Phillips. Son Yooha felt a sense of crisis with Kang Hyun's growing popularity.

Not only at Phillips but also in Hollywood, wherever she went, there were paparazzi following her to take pictures of Kang Hyun.

Without a doubt, Kang Hyun seemed to have become as famous as any prominent Broadway actor.

“Yooha, do you have another private lesson today?”

Yooha nodded regretfully at Michelle's question.

For her, studying wasn't everything about school life. In fact, her life at Phillips was merely an appetizer.

The main dish was the private education she received from retired professors from prestigious universities in the U.S. and Europe.

There was no area, from academics to social skills, where she didn't receive private lessons. Because of that, she felt like she needed two bodies.

“Do you not see Hyun oppa often?”

“I can't see him. Oppa is also very busy these days.”

“I heard he's appearing on Ellen's talk show today?”

“Shh, that's still a secret.”

She wanted to go see Kang Hyun, but it was impossible. Kang Hyun was even busier than herself.

Knowing Kang Hyun's personality, who hated troublesome matters, she could vividly imagine how hard it must be for him. These days, not only Hollywood and the broadcasting industry but also the stock market was making inquiries about Kang Hyun.

“Michelle, sorry, I have to go first.”

Just as she was about to part ways with Michelle,

“Huh?”

Michelle's eyes widened as she fixed her gaze over Yooha's shoulder. Yooha turned her head in curiosity. There stood,

“Oppa...?”

Kang Hyun was standing there, looking dazed. In an instant, the attention of other students also focused on him. At that moment, Kang Hyun approached Yooha, grabbed her wrist, and quickly moved.

“Get on!”

This is?

Wasn't this a pink scooter? He must have intended to escape before the students crowded around.

Kang Hyun carefully placed a pink helmet on Yooha's head and gently patted it with his hand. Yooha hesitated for a moment before smiling brightly, climbing onto the scooter, and hugging Kang Hyun's waist tightly.

* * *

“Oppa, didn't you say you have a recording today?”

Kang Hyun nodded without turning his head at Yooha's question. In truth, it was his first time driving a scooter, so he couldn't afford to look back.

He had heard it was similar to riding a bicycle, but thinking back, Kang Hyun hadn't ridden a bicycle since his early elementary school days with a tricycle.

“We haven't seen each other for a long time.”

They had indeed not met for quite a while. After today's recording, he would have to finalize the work related to the soundtrack of Director Jim Filmer's movie, so he would have even less time.

“Oppa, if you appear on TV today, won't you become more famous?”

Undoubtedly, he would become more famous. Although Kang Hyun hated troublesome matters, it was hard to resist the temptation of appearing on Ellen's show.

Wasn't it the only program he had regularly watched in his previous life? Moreover, being the first guest was an honor that was hard to refuse.

“What if actresses start making advances on you?”

Some had already done so. Somehow, some celebrities had found his contact information and reached out to him.

“Are you worried?”

“Of course, actresses are so beautiful. Korean actresses are pretty, but Hollywood is on another level.”

“Then what if a very handsome man makes a pass at you?”

“Am I crazy? Of course not.”

Yooha shook her head vigorously in strong denial. Seeing that through the side mirror made Hyun smile.

Kang Hyun found Yooha's behavior very endearing. Hadn't he seen Son Yooha, the president of Jeil Trading, with his own eyes in his previous life?

In some ways, Son Yooha had an appearance more outstanding than actresses and a career that couldn't be compared.

She would undoubtedly become one of the world's top female CEOs in the future.

“Don't worry. Even if I become famous, I'm not interested in the entertainment industry.”

“Really?”

“Really.”

Only then did Yooha seem relieved as she tightened her grip around Kang Hyun's waist. Her face was resting against Hyun's broad back.

She never imagined she would ride a scooter with Hyun on the streets of New York. The wind brushing against her cheeks carried Hyun's sweet scent, tantalizing her senses.

* * *

“Phew―!”

Ellen couldn't hide her excitement and took a deep breath.

It was the first recording of her talk show. Originally, it was scheduled to be recorded in a studio in California, but they changed it to New York for Kang Hyun.

Under normal circumstances, Ellen would never have allowed such a change, but now it was different.

There were still skeptical views about having an Asian classical musician as the first guest.

To some extent, it was natural. Although the U.S. had less racial discrimination compared to Europe, Asians were still not viewed favorably.

Furthermore, considering the age demographic of the talk show's audience, classical music was definitely not mainstream. However,

‘It will definitely succeed.’

Ellen had firm confidence. She was sure that once Hyun's appearance was broadcasted, not only would her show, "The Ellen Show," become a massive hit, but Hyun would also gain unprecedented popularity and attention.

“Ellen, the countdown is starting!”

The audience was already filled with Hyun's fiancée and countless others. They too must have been eagerly waiting for today.

As the camera lights turned on and the assistant director with the slate started the countdown, Ellen's heart began to race.

Here we go.

“Hello, everyone, this is Ellen!”