---
title: Chapter 246
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:06
tags:
---


[Time Magazine's 100 People Who Will Lead the 21st Century]

[Hollywood Master James Cameron Wants 'Hyun']

[Marvel Comics Honorary Chairman Stan Lee Sparks Interest by Saying He Wants to Create a Character Modeled After Violinist Hyun!]

Baek Junghoon looked at the story of Kang Hyun that filled the New York weekly magazine and clicked his tongue in amazement. 

It was extremely rare for an Asian to become such a sensation in America. 

In the past, there was the case of Yoko Ono, who caused a negative reaction by allegedly hastening the breakup of The Beatles, but Kang Hyun was different. 

Not only did he create a classical music boom among American teenagers, but he also had a huge impact on various film and broadcasting industry insiders. 

Rumor had it that large American agencies and labels were moving vast amounts of money simultaneously to scout Kang Hyun. 

"Hyun-ah, at this rate, you might become the first Korean to hit number one on the Billboard singles chart!"

A few years ago, this would have been dismissed as a joke, but things were different now. 

Not only had Kang Hyun's orchestra symphony, "Gang Hyun Symphony No.1," broken into the top ten of the Billboard charts, but it was also climbing back up the ranks. 

Moreover, other tracks on the album were also rapidly rising in rank over time. 

This unprecedented scene in the American music industry was even being referred to as the 'Hyun Syndrome.' 

"Don't even mention it. I'm already so overwhelmed. Once my work with the New York Philharmonic is finished, I'm planning to return to Korea. If I stay abroad any longer, I might get sick from dealing with all the paparazzi and reporters."

Of course, the paparazzi and reporters were not the only reasons. Lately, it wasn’t just the media; even people from Wall Street were seeking out Kang Hyun. 

This was after a rumor spread that a big hand, Barbara Tannenbaum, had been mobilized. 

"Other musicians, no matter how uninterested in material things, would be tempted by a Billboard number one. But sometimes, Hyun, you seem like someone who has truly attained enlightenment."

Achieving number one on the Billboard chart would bring not only honor but also immense wealth. Many places were already offering Kang Hyun world tour deals. If Kang Hyun had been materially inclined, he might have already become the youngest billionaire. 

'I already have plenty of money.'

Kang Hyun thought to himself as he listened to Baek Junghoon. Thanks to the diligent manager Kim Sang-guk of VH Company. 

He executed every directive without a single error. Looking at the investments spread across the world, it was as satisfying as a full meal. 

"I don't care about money. I already have enough to live on for the rest of my life without working."

"Right, Hyun, with your royalties and composition fees alone, you’d earn more than most companies..."

From Baek Junghoon's perspective, not knowing about VH Company, he seemed to think only about music royalties.

Kang Hyun had no intention of correcting Baek Junghoon's misunderstanding. 

Baek Junghoon looked around Kang Hyun's studio and clicked his tongue again in amazement. 

Although he had visited numerous musicians' studios, Kang Hyun's studio was undoubtedly among the top three. 

Located in the heart of New York, where land prices are notoriously high, the spacious studio was equipped with top-notch electronic and orchestral instruments. 

"The CEO must really think highly of you, Hyun. To support you this much."

"Hyung, don't be upset. While the CEO provided the place, I prepared all the equipment and instruments in the studio myself. Are you going to keep staring blankly? All the scheduled concerts are over now. You said you’re returning to Korea in a week."

"Right, but what does that have to do with me returning in a week?"

Baek Junghoon was planning to return to Korea after a month-long concert series in New York. But why was time an issue? A week was more than enough time to catch up with Kang Hyun.

At that moment, Kang Hyun gestured towards the piano and said,

"What are you doing, not sitting down?"

Indeed, a week was ample time to teach Baek Junghoon a new score.

* * *

"If you become too famous, it could be a problem..."

Antonio, the concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic, couldn't hide his regret as he read the article in Time Magazine. 

Kang Hyun's popularity was growing day by day. 

Antonio had also been called a prodigy from a young age, climbing through the ranks of minor European orchestras to become the concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic. He had seen many geniuses but none as exceptional as Kang Hyun. 

Moreover, for a classical star to receive such public attention in the commercially driven U.S. was unimaginable even in dreams. 

"Will he accept the performance offer?"

The maestro of the New York Philharmonic, as well as the concertmaster and members, agreed on the idea. They wanted to perform not just a one-off collaboration but a full concert with Kang Hyun. 

Antonio had come to know Kang Hyun's personality better than anyone during their time together. 

From his observations, Kang Hyun was the type who detested bothersome tasks. No matter who asked, if it didn’t suit his taste, he wouldn’t do it. 

Despite his young age, talking to him sometimes felt like conversing with a maestro. He was that inscrutable. 

-Antonio, why not have Hyun sit as a judge for this audition?

It was a suggestion from the maestro, who was on a sabbatical away from New York. 

Coincidentally, they were recruiting new members for the second violin part of the New York Philharmonic. 

Selecting members for the second violin part was entirely within Antonio's authority. 

But never in history had someone other than a New York Philharmonic affiliate sat on the judges' panel at an audition.

-Antonio, don't be foolish. The conductor both the London Symphony and Berlin Philharmonic desperately wanted was Hyun. Despite their musical pride and sky-high arrogance, they welcomed the young Asian Hyun with open arms. Spencer of the London Symphony even openly declared Hyun as his favorite student.

When Maestro Spencer of the London Symphony showed immense interest in Kang Hyun, some people were puzzled. 

But in hindsight, it was a remarkable foresight. Even the legendary maestro Kara showed significant interest in Kang Hyun. 

-Hyun is receiving intense media attention these days, so he might want to return to Korea soon. At times like this, we must show our strong belief in Hyun. Proposing that he sit as a judge for the New York Philharmonic auditions itself signifies our trust. Antonio, think carefully. Hyun's value is increasing day by day.

Antonio recalled the maestro’s words. 

-In the future, just having collaborated with Hyun could be a noteworthy achievement in classical music history!

* * *

"Audition?"

Kang Hyun tilted his head at the unexpected proposal. 

It was an audition for new members of the New York Philharmonic's second violin part. Usually, auditions for orchestras involved the chief conductor, music director, and concertmaster. 

Wasn’t it something an orchestra affiliate had to handle?

"I'll be direct. The New York Philharmonic wants to perform with you."

"Antonio, aren't we already performing together?"

"We want to do more than a one-off collaboration. The members also acknowledge you. Even Sergey, who initially doubted you, would now pretend to die at your command."

Antonio, who usually talked a lot, was unusually serious. It meant he absolutely needed Kang Hyun. 

'So they want me to be a judge for the audition.'

Kang Hyun quickly grasped Antonio's intention. Entrusting an audition judge seat to an outsider could raise issues externally. 

But proposing it despite such concerns showed their trust in Kang Hyun’s skill and reputation. 

'Hmm.'

Seeing Kang Hyun's face contemplating, Antonio's face brightened. 

No wonder, CEO Im Hyera had recently been voicing concerns more frequently. She had mentioned that inquiries about a New York performance were flooding in dozens of times a day.

"Antonio, I'll consider it positively. But if I conduct, the practice intensity will be far greater than last time. Will that be okay? We don't have much time to practice the repertoire."

Antonio nodded without hesitation. Initially, the members struggled with Kang Hyun's Spartan guidance, but now they seemed to crave his conducting. 

Of course, they felt their skills improving under Kang Hyun’s guidance.

"Hyun, then let me guide you."

Antonio led the way to the audition hall. Kang Hyun had no choice but to follow.

It was a small audition hall in the annex of the New York Philharmonic's concert hall. 

Since it was for selecting new members for the second violin part, the vice concertmaster of the violin part had already arrived.

Seeing Antonio's signal, he couldn't hide his delighted smile. 

Then he greeted Kang Hyun with the utmost respect, as if meeting a maestro.

"Antonio, you want me to sit at the head table?"

Initially, Kang Hyun felt burdened and wanted to refuse, but Antonio and the vice concertmaster’s enthusiasm left him no choice. 

It felt like falling into a trap, but the die was already cast. 

He sat in the seat prepared for him at the head table with other orchestra members.

"Call in the first applicant."

As soon as the official spoke, Antonio and the vice concertmaster's expressions changed. 

The New York Philharmonic’s reputation was second to none. Talented individuals from minor European and American orchestras eagerly awaited this audition. 

But even skilled applicants couldn't guarantee their admission.

Huh?

Kang Hyun doubted his eyes as he saw the first applicant’s resume. There was a familiar name.

Soon, a young Asian woman cautiously entered the audition hall. Her face was visibly nervous.

But she, too, widened her eyes in surprise upon seeing Kang Hyun at the judges' table.

Park Sunyoung?

It was none other than Park Sunyoung, the former tutor of Kang Hyun and Son Yooha.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

