---
title: Chapter 247
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:07
tags:
---


Park Sun-young was busy trying to calm her breath. Had she ever been this nervous in her life? She could confidently count such times on one hand.

The weight of the New York Philharmonic name was crushing her shoulders, incomparable to standing on stage for the Korean University entrance exam or the final round of a competition.

"I can do this."

Among countless applicants, Park Sun-young muttered to herself in Korean as if casting a spell.

How much effort had she put in to audition for the New York Philharmonic?

To someone unfamiliar with classical music, joining as a new member might not seem like a big deal, but for major symphony orchestras, it was an entirely different story.

Even after a lifetime of dedication to music, it was not uncommon to fail to join even as a new member.

"Anthony, have you heard violinist Hyun's symphony?"

"Of course, I have. It was seventh on the charts today, right?"

"Oh my god, at this rate, it might be the first classical piece to top the Billboard charts!"

On one side, there was a heated conversation about violinist Hyun, who had become a hot topic recently.

It must also be causing a stir in Korea. To aim for the top spot on the Billboard singles chart with classical music, not pop music, was astonishing.

"Hyun is really becoming more famous by the day."

Park Sun-young thought of little Kang Hyun, whom she had met at the grand mansion in Pyeongchang-dong. Even back then, she knew he had immense talent in music, but she never imagined it would be to this extent.

Winning the Queen Elisabeth Competition, performing for the British Royal Family, and now the Billboard charts? Kang Hyun's position, performing with world-renowned maestros, was now so high that Park Sun-young could not even dream of reaching it. It was at that moment.

"SUNYEONG PARK."

A representative of the New York Philharmonic called Park Sun-young's name. Even though the audition order was said to be random, she never expected to be the first one.

Park Sun-young felt her heart pounding uncontrollably. Her mind went blank like a sheet of white paper, and her mouth felt as dry as if it were on fire.

"I can do this, I can do this."

She muttered the spell again in Korean and took heavy steps forward.

* * *

"Ms. Park Sun-young, you graduated from university in Korea and studied at the Collide Music Institute in Philadelphia, right? You also served for several years as a first violin member of the Paris Symphony Orchestra, with a recommendation letter from the head of the Collide Music Institute. The concertmaster of the Paris Symphony Orchestra also praised you highly. So why did you leave Paris to audition for the New York Philharmonic? I understand that a first violin position in the Paris Symphony Orchestra will soon be vacant."

It was a question from Antonio, the concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic.

Park Sun-young's resume was impeccable. Although she never won a competition, she had placed in every one she entered. She also graduated from the prestigious Collide Music Institute in Philadelphia with excellent grades. She had taken the most orthodox path.

Moreover, it would not have been difficult for her to aim for the first violin part in the Paris Symphony Orchestra if she wished.

"Ms. Park Sun-young?"

Antonio's voice startled Park Sun-young into answering.

"I'm sorry, I was so nervous that I momentarily lost my words. The reason I left the Paris Symphony Orchestra and am auditioning for the New York Philharmonic is simple. I have watched the New York Philharmonic's performances since I was young, and this is the orchestra of my dreams."

Her gaze occasionally turned to Kang Hyun, who was sitting at the top seat. Who would have thought that Kang Hyun would be sitting at the top seat of the New York Philharmonic audition hall?

At first, she was genuinely happy to see him. However, it was no exaggeration to say that Kang Hyun's demeanor had changed 180 degrees from the past.

Even as a child, he had an old soul, but it was not to this extent.

Now, he not only had an aura like that of a renowned maestro but also had a deep gaze that seemed to grip her without giving a moment's rest.

"Now, please play the piece you prepared."

Park Sun-young took a deep breath and picked up her violin from its case.

Although she had performed on countless stages before, she had never been this nervous. Especially with Kang Hyun's intense gaze, she felt as if she were naked.

How much time had passed?

She couldn't remember how she started or ended the performance.

Although the seemingly eternal moment of her performance had ended, Antonio and the assistant concertmaster remained silent.

At that moment, Kang Hyun, who had been quietly observing from the top seat, spoke for the first time.

"Ms. Park Sun-young, please play the third movement of Vivaldi's Winter."

At Kang Hyun's instruction, Park Sun-young quickly picked up her violin again. Just before lifting her bow, Kang Hyun mouthed to her once more.

"Noona, relax your shoulders."

This time, in Korean, a language only they understood.

* * *

"Hyung, can you press the keys a bit deeper at this part?"

A week had passed. Baek Jung-hoon had received rigorous training from Kang Hyun, which could be described as Spartan.

To exaggerate, he had never spent this much time on a piano bench, even when he first learned to play.

"Softer and more intense―!"

Following Kang Hyun's instructions, Baek Jung-hoon played.

The sheet music was a relentless array of notes and musical symbols, pushing the performer to the extreme.

Even Baek Jung-hoon, who had played numerous challenging pieces, was taken aback at first glance at the sheet music, so much so that it was pointless to say more.

"Huff, huff."

Baek Jung-hoon panted heavily after finishing the performance. His long fingers had to dance on the keys without a single misstep, as if playing Liszt's "Mephisto Waltz." Ironically, the fingers that had once suffered from tendonitis now felt miraculously refreshed.

"Hyung, how about a beer?"

Just like the time they watched the stars together on the rooftop of Jeil Gallery, Kang Hyun took out two cans of beer from the fridge and waved them.

Only then could Baek Jung-hoon smile. During the lesson, Kang Hyun had turned into a strict teacher, but now, he was finally back to the Kang Hyun he remembered.

Kang Hyun and Baek Jung-hoon picked up the beer cans and headed to the rooftop together.

"You can't see the stars as well here as in Korea."

Maybe it was because their studio was located in the heart of New York, but the night sky was obscured, and they could barely see the moonlight through the clouds.

Under the faint glow of the full moon, the two men sipped their beers.

Kang Hyun shared stories with Baek Jung-hoon that they hadn't been able to discuss. From being surrounded by Hollywood directors to appearing on "The Ellen Show," their conversation flowed like a high school girls' gossip session.

Especially when talking about Son Yooha, Baek Jung-hoon even teased Kang Hyun. Laughter echoed on the rooftop of their studio.

"Oh, by the way, I had an audition today."

"An audition?"

"For the New York Philharmonic. I was invited as a judge."

Kang Hyun explained the series of events that had happened today to Baek Jung-hoon.

Of course, the highlight was undoubtedly Park Sun-young. Who would have thought that their connection from Korea would continue in New York?

After quietly listening to Kang Hyun's evaluation of the performances at the audition, Baek Jung-hoon spoke up.

"So, did she get selected?"

"The decision is up to Antonio. I was just there to observe. But based on the skill levels of the violinists who auditioned, Sun-young noona will likely be chosen."

"Was she that good?"

"No, the other applicants were relatively worse."

Kang Hyun couldn't hide his disappointment at the audition. Although he had high expectations for the violinists who applied to the New York Philharmonic, their skills were not as outstanding as he had hoped. Were they all too nervous?

At that moment, Baek Jung-hoon, as if reading Kang Hyun's mind, added.

"Hyun, your standards have become too high."

"Me?"

"Yes, think about the musicians you've collaborated with so far."

Kang Hyun felt as if cold water had been poured over his head. In a way, Baek Jung-hoon's words made sense.

They weren't selecting veterans; they were choosing new members for the symphony orchestra.

Kang Hyun thought that perhaps the reason none of the applicants had met his satisfaction was because he had been associating only with exceptionally talented violinists for so long.

* * *

-Sunyeong, congratulations!

Park Sun-young welcomed a refreshing morning while listening to her parents' congratulatory words from across the world.

She had been accepted as a new member of the New York Philharmonic.

How nervous had she been for the two weeks while waiting for the results? It was far more nerve-wracking than her university entrance exam.

"Noona, relax your shoulders."

Park Sun-young relaxed her shoulders, which had been tense with excitement, and headed to the New York Philharmonic concert hall.

Even as she looked at the concert hall building, she couldn't believe she had passed the audition.

Had it not been for Kang Hyun's advice just before her second performance, she would not have been able to deliver a perfect performance.

"Hello, I'm Park Sun-young―!"

The members welcomed her nonchalantly, even though she introduced herself with her Korean name, Park Sun-young, instead of an Americanized name. It was understandable; many new members joined but couldn't last for even a few months.

Most musicians joined the New York Philharmonic filled with dreams and hopes, but it was reputed to be a place where surviving was even more challenging. Without thorough self-management and talent, one would be eliminated.

"Violinists Colton, Dresden, Mirai!"

Early on, renowned violinists in the United States had also established themselves as members of the New York Philharmonic.

As she greeted them, Park Sun-young was confused about whether this situation was a dream or reality. Such famous individuals were members here.

The members were busy preparing their instruments. Most were recognized performers, but they were meticulous as if not allowing a single mistake. The atmosphere was different from the Paris Symphony Orchestra.

"Attention everyone, we will start rehearsing for the concert with maestro Hyun from today. Stay sharp―!"

Concertmaster Antonio shouted while looking at the members. At the mention of "maestro Hyun," the members' eyes changed instantly.

"New members will not rehearse today and will sit in the audience. It will be overwhelming to receive Hyun's instructions from the start."

What did that mean? The new members, including Park Sun-young, were puzzled.

It was because the New York Philharmonic was known for not considering new members. They had mentally prepared for this, but to be pushed to the audience was unexpected. At that moment.

Step, step.

A young Asian man walked onto the stage. Even without mentioning his name, his gait and gaze made it immediately clear who he was.

Park Sun-young felt a strange atmosphere flowing on the stage at that moment.

"It's changed."

She could feel that the members' breathing had changed with Kang Hyun's appearance. The veterans, who had been full of confidence, were now tense due to his presence.

It wasn't just the regular members who changed. Even Antonio, the concertmaster and a significant power figure in the orchestra, was greeting Kang Hyun with a tense expression.

As she looked at Kang Hyun, Park Sun-young wondered if he was the same person she knew.

Kang Hyun naturally walked onto the stage and raised his hand toward the members without any explanation.

As if by magic, the members finished tuning their instruments and took their positions to play. It was like watching a maestro who had long performed with the New York Philharmonic.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

