---
title: Chapter 249
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:09
tags:
---


"The most memorable performance?"

Maestro Antonio of the New York Philharmonic answered the journalist's question without hesitation.

"It was a collaboration with Maestro Hyun ten years ago."

The journalist nodded as if he had expected the answer.

"It was ten years ago when I was not the conductor of the New York Philharmonic but the concertmaster."

"I remember it well, wasn't it the performance that stirred not only New York but the entire United States?"

"That's right. It was that performance that made me want to pursue the path of a conductor. I apologize to Maestro Michael, who was the chief conductor at the time, but until then, I didn't feel much of an attraction to conducting. I vaguely thought it was a completely different path from the one I was pursuing in music."

Maestro Antonio's blue eyes showed signs of reminiscing about the past.

When he first met Kang Hyun, he thought his fame was exaggerated.

However, as he worked with Kang Hyun, he realized that the media's portrayal of Hyun's fame was infinitely lacking compared to his actual abilities.

"The concertmaster sits closest to the audience after the conductor in an orchestra. I can't forget the expressions of the audience that day. They looked as if they were dreaming, immersed in ecstasy. It wasn't just the audience's ecstasy. I and the other members also felt like we were moving into a new musical world under Hyun's direction."

It was not an exaggeration. However, Antonio's voice had no hint of exaggeration or boasting.

"Many members received help from Hyun at that time. Undoubtedly, the ones who received the most help were the rookies of the New York Philharmonic."

"Rookies?"

"I mean the new members. The position of a new member in the New York Philharmonic is so harsh that it's said they can't last three months. But they say coincidences become inevitabilities. The new members who received Hyun's help experienced growth beyond words. By the way, it would be better to hear this story directly from those who experienced it rather than from me."

The orchestra does not discriminate by age. Positions of regular members, associate principal, and principal are not determined by age or experience.

It was a place where only skill determined one's position. Thanks to that, she became the concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic in less than ten years.

"Go find Park Sunyoung, the concertmaster of the New York Philharmonic. She is one of the musicians who deeply felt Hyun's greatness."

* * *

"Maestro, can we take a short break?"

One of the new members said with a voice full of strain, unable to hold back any longer. Even Park Sunyoung felt her breath catching in her throat.

She wondered if playing the violin had ever been this hard. Her shoulders were trembling like a leaf.

It wasn't just Park Sunyoung; other new members were the same. They had been playing for hours without a break. It seemed to have started in the evening, but it was already dawn outside.

"Do you want to rest?"

Kang Hyun's deep gaze landed on Park Sunyoung's forehead. It seemed to ask, "Can you sleep with that skill?" Then Kang Hyun stood up and handed out scores to Park Sunyoung and the new members.

It was a score he had written while they were playing the violin just a moment ago. As if reading everyone's mind, Kang Hyun explained.

"It's a score composed based on each of your issues. From today, practice with these scores."

Each score was different. At first, Park Sunyoung and the new members did not understand. Soon, they saw Kang Hyun as a monster.

On second thought, he had not only identified the issues of the new members in just a few hours but also composed new pieces for each issue.

Not just one piece, but five, right on the spot.

Gulp.

Notes of varying pitch and rhythm were drawn on the scores.

The scores, repeatedly composed on the spot, were closer to scrawls than to anything fancy, but looking into them, one couldn't help but be astonished.

He had identified problems that even Park Sunyoung herself didn't know. The same was true for the other new members.

The new member who had just asked Kang Hyun if they could take a break and those who had silently agreed all blushed simultaneously.

They felt as if they were standing naked in front of Kang Hyun, embarrassed. They had spoken of wanting a break when their problems were so evident.

"Maestro, we are truly sorry."

Park Sunyoung and the new members bowed their heads to Kang Hyun.

Only then did they seem to understand why Kang Hyun had been so harsh on them. To identify everyone's issues in such a short time, he had to push them to their limits.

At that moment, Kang Hyun nodded slightly with a faint smile.

"We will take a short break. Everyone, get a massage or take a nap. After today's orchestra practice, I will guide you again. But even while you sleep, memorize the scores in your head."

Park Sunyoung did not know then that her violin career would move to another level during the few months Kang Hyun stayed at the New York Philharmonic.

Nor did she know that the scores Kang Hyun had easily composed would later be worth billions of won.

* * *

"CEO, what should we do?"

CEO Im Hyera was racking her brains over Kang Hyun's ongoing performance in New York.

Why was there a problem with a typical orchestra performance? Because of the overwhelming public interest.

"Tell them we are still considering. The final decision should be made by Hyun directly, not the gallery."

The number of seats in the concert hall where the collaboration with the New York Philharmonic was taking place was significantly smaller compared to the public interest.

There were numerous inquiries about increasing the number of seats, but it was realistically impossible. The number and location of the seats were acoustically perfect from the initial design of the concert hall.

Planning additional performances was also unreasonable. The New York performance had initially been planned as a series of three concerts.

However, not even thirty minutes after the ticket sales started, all seats for the three performances were sold out, and now scalpers were openly appearing.

"Are the scalped ticket prices similar to Super Bowl scalper tickets?"

It was unbelievable. The Super Bowl is the hottest sports event in the U.S. and the world's largest single sports event. In the U.S., the Super Bowl is as popular as the World Cup, and its ticket and merchandise sales are unmatched by any other sports event.

Moreover, the price of Kang Hyun's tickets continued to soar.

"How popular is Hyun really?"

They already knew that he had reached 7th on the Billboard chart in the U.S. They had even moved his studio once because of the paparazzi and journalists.

But they hadn't expected this extent. Not only was CEO Im Hyera surprised, but the media was also equally astonished.

They knew that Kang Hyun's popularity as a violinist was unprecedented, but this was extraordinary.

Korean broadcasters and media were belatedly dispatching additional correspondents to the U.S.

"CEO, we've also received contact from the Ministry of Culture."

"The Ministry of Culture?"

"They expressed their intention for the Minister of Culture to personally present Kang Hyun with the Popular Culture and Arts Award."

Word travels fast, and it seemed the Korean government had already caught wind of Kang Hyun's popularity.

The Minister of Culture, known for his reluctance to move, had expressed his intention to personally present the award to Kang Hyun.

For most people, it would be an honor, but knowing Hyun, he'd probably find it bothersome and wave it off.

"Just tell them we understand. But we control the schedule, so check if the Ministry of Culture can allow that. We can't just pull him back to Korea while he's preparing for a performance in New York."

"The Ministry of Culture has already said they would accommodate our convenience. They even said that the Minister would like to treat Kang Hyun to a meal if possible."

"This is a dilemma. Hyun said he wanted to return to Korea quickly because life in New York was a hassle."

It seemed life in Korea would be just as busy as in New York.

* * *

Winter nights come earlier. It was a time when dusk had settled, but the surroundings of the New York Philharmonic concert hall were as bright as midday.

Among the audience were many world-renowned figures.

Camera flashes were going off incessantly, and on the other side, Kang Hyun's merchandise was selling like hotcakes.

"This is Hannah, a reporter from ABA. I am at the scene of Maestro Hyun's performance at the New York Philharmonic concert hall. The atmosphere here is like a pop star's stadium concert. There is a clear difference from the classical concerts we are used to. Merchandise featuring Maestro Hyun's face, like T-shirts and mugs, are selling well. Let's interview one of the audience members here."

As the reporter said, the front of the concert hall was already packed with people.

At a glance, it seemed like a large crowd that could fill the entire concert hall.

To an outsider, it might seem like a pop star's concert or a Super Bowl event.

"I'm here at the concert hall today, but I don't have a ticket."

"You don't have a ticket?"

"Yes, I failed to get one. But I heard there would be a signing event after the concert, so I came early. I also wanted to buy some merchandise. But it seems many people had the same idea. Excuse me, I need to buy another T-shirt, so I'll end the interview here!"

The reporter was momentarily speechless but soon regained her composure. It was a testament to Kang Hyun's immense popularity in the U.S.

His appeal was so strong that even teenagers who had no interest in classical music were drawn to him.

Meanwhile, more people were continuously flocking to the concert hall.

Kang Hyun sat alone in the conductor's room, adjusting his attire for the audience waiting for him. The feel of the thin baton in his hand was always satisfying.

It was the old baton he received from the owner of "The Fate of the Deer." The old baton fulfilled the emptiness that neither the ash nor olive wood could fill.

Kang Hyun felt his heart racing. He knew. The old baton, perfectly fitting in his hand, would soon make the hearts of the audience tremble like an unceasing trill.