---
title: Chapter 250
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:10
tags:
---


"Tsk."

Spencer clicked his tongue in disappointment. What were the chances that Kang Hyun's New York performance would overlap with the London Symphony's schedule? He wanted to fly to New York immediately but had no other choice.

There was no need to mention how popular Kang Hyun's New York performance was. Even prominent British newspapers like the Daily Telegraph, the Independent, and the Guardian had published columns expressing their anticipation for his performance.

"Maestro, you seem quite disappointed."

At that moment, concertmaster Dmitry entered the conductor's room with a rare smile.

"That rascal didn't even send me a single ticket."

"If it's Hyun, he probably knows the London Symphony's schedule by heart. He likely didn't want to trouble the two maestros unnecessarily."

"Or maybe the ticket prices are just too expensive?"

Spencer chuckled and opened a newspaper. One of the columns mentioned that tickets for Kang Hyun's New York performance were being sold on the black market at prices comparable to the Super Bowl.

It was hard to believe this could happen in the 21st century. They thought the era when classical music was at the center of popular culture had long passed.

"When is Maestro Karas supposed to arrive?"

"He said in a week. He will join the members for rehearsals as soon as his schedule in Austria ends. He calls me several times a day to check on the members' practice status."

"I thought I gave him plenty of time considering his age. That was my mistake."

Spencer flashed a pleasant smile.

It was no exaggeration to say that the London Symphony was experiencing a second golden age since the recruitment of the legendary Karas.

Due to age and health issues, Karas couldn't appear on stage frequently, but he supported Spencer like an off-stage conductor.

Two of the world's top conductors with exceptional skills and experience were coaching the members simultaneously. It was only natural that the London Symphony's skills improved.

"Maestro Karas also showed a lot of interest in Hyun's performance."

"That rascal, it would be great if he performed in London instead of with the New York Philharmonic. If this continues, the Empress and I will keep holding the baton until our shoulders give out."

"Maestro, please don't joke around. In my opinion, both of you are still in fine shape."

Dmitry smiled warmly, contrasting his cold eyes.

The chemistry between Karas and Spencer was nothing short of divine. Their love for the London Symphony was also remarkable.

There were rumors that even the Berlin Philharmonic had contacted the Empress, but she ultimately chose the London Symphony. Of course, Kang Hyun played a significant role behind that decision.

"There are rumors that Hyun will restore classical music's glory. There's already a classical boom among American teenagers."

"Classical booms usually occur among the upper classes, don't they?"

"This is different from a social craze. Friends who are active violinists in the U.S. say that teaching instruments to kids is becoming a cultural norm, regardless of social class. Undoubtedly, Hyun's successful entry into the Billboard charts has contributed to this."

Indeed, it was hard to believe that classical music, which had always been a minor player in commercial success, would aim for the top spot on the Billboard singles chart.

News had already reached the UK that it had broken into the top 7 and settled in the top 3. It was a remarkable reversal.

"Publications like Gramophone and Deutsche have also noted that Hyun's entry into the Billboard charts marks a significant milestone in classical music history."

"A milestone in classical music history..."

It wasn't wrong. Initially, everyone thought a prodigy had appeared. An Asian boy winning the Queen Elisabeth Competition at the youngest age ever was sensational.

But his journey didn't stop there. He continued to create unbelievable miracles as if he were writing a myth.

Moreover, it was thanks to Kang Hyun that the legendary Maestro Empress Karas returned to the stage.

Undoubtedly, Kang Hyun had already become a figure with enough influence to shake the classical music industry by name alone.

* * *

Shhhhh.

Dry ice spread across the stage. It was an unexpected stage setup.

Sergei, who was sitting on the piano bench, took a deep breath. Originally, this performance wasn't planned. It was the OST for Jim Filmer's ambitious project "Horror."

-Hyun, it would be a great honor if you could play the OST from "Horror" at your New York performance.

Director Jim Filmer had come to the New York Philharmonic himself to say these words in front of the members.

Jim Filmer, known as a Hollywood maestro, had complete trust in Kang Hyun.

The proof was today's performance. Although the movie hadn't even been released yet, its OST, which permeates the entire film, was being performed on stage.

As Kang Hyun stepped onto the stage, the murmuring audience fell silent as if it was a lie.

His neat hair and large eyes, despite not having double eyelids, shone deeply like sunspots.

Sitting closest to the conductor, Sergei finally understood why American teenagers were so enthusiastic about Kang Hyun.

His musical talent was a given, and his enigmatic appearance was indescribably captivating.

Especially on stage, Kang Hyun exuded more charisma than any male actor and was more beautiful and noble than any female actor. It was as if he owned the stage.

At that moment,

Boom—!

The conductor's hand swiftly cut through the air. The sound of the bass drum, like thunder, reached the ceiling of the concert hall.

The conductor's hand, holding the baton, moved slowly, very slowly, as if cradling a baby.

As the thunderous drum sound echoed and began to fade,

The conductor's gaze and the concertmaster's breath synchronized. The melody of the string instruments began to rise gently, starting with the violin section.

Sergei waited for his turn. As the swelling melody engulfed the concert hall like a tidal wave, his long fingers began to dance on the keyboard.

Sergei's shoulders moved up and down roughly like the rolling waves. His fingers dancing on the keyboard sobbed just as intensely.

Sergei considered coming to New York one of the greatest fortunes of his life. More precisely, he felt it was an honor to meet the new world conductor, Kang Hyun, at the New York Philharmonic.

Boom—!

At that moment, the bass drum thundered again with the conductor's gesture.

The highlight of the concert was from now on. As the members grabbed their instruments with tense expressions, the baton came down heavily. It was a perfect metronome.

Sergei's piano and the countless melodies of the members began to rise as if competing with each other.

It was Kang Hyun's role to navigate through the midst of it all.

Sergei felt the same ecstasy he had felt when performing Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2, considered the pinnacle of the Romantic era.

The score harmoniously expressed the competition and poignancy between the orchestra and the soloist. Even while performing, he couldn't help but marvel at the perfect score.

If Rachmaninoff were alive, he would have applauded Hyun's score, saying it was quite something.

* * *

Director Jim Filmer felt as if the entire plot of the movie was flashing through his mind as he listened to the OST from "Horror."

As a film director, he knew all too well how challenging it was to create a piece that encapsulates the entire film.

In that sense, Kang Hyun had undoubtedly created another movie.

"Amazing."

He could only express his admiration. Who would have thought that the opening of the New York performance would start with the OST from "Horror"?

The symphony composed by Kang Hyun, which had been the subject of much rumor since he took on the role of music director, was of immense interest to the audience.

The anticipation had built up to a point where it might not meet the audience's expectations.

But Kang Hyun had managed to send shivers down the audience's spines.

The first performance had ended, but the audience's lingering excitement did not easily fade away.

Moreover, if the planned repertoire was followed, the next piece would be "Gang Hyun Symphony No. 1," which was sweeping the Billboard charts.

Compared to commercial music, it was a long piece, almost like an epic, but it had boldly made its way onto the Billboard chart.

"Getting scalped tickets to be here today feels like a real stroke of luck."

"I agree. If I hadn't attended Hyun's performance today, I would have regretted it for the rest of my career as a reporter."

Even the reporters couldn't hide their excitement. The same was true for popular music critics. Even critics who had occasionally criticized Kang Hyun were visibly overwhelmed from the first performance.

No wonder even the great classical masters had praised Hyun's scores.

"But is it really true?"

"You mean the rumor about 'Gang Hyun Symphony No. 3' being included in the repertoire?"

"Yeah, it's surprising that the third symphony is included instead of the second."

There were certainly unexpected aspects to the repertoire.

Rather than recycling works by renowned composers from the classical and romantic periods like Beethoven, Mozart, Haydn, or Rachmaninoff, only Kang Hyun's symphonies were included.

The most notable part was "Gang Hyun Symphony No. 3."

-The second symphony is still unfinished.

Among the three symphonies, the unfinished No. 2 was excluded, and only No. 1 and No. 3 were presented. Experts predicted that Hyun's newly announced symphony also had a high probability of making it onto the Billboard chart.

At that moment, Kang Hyun, having finished the first performance, briefly greeted the audience from the stage.

"Thank you to all the audience members who attended the New York Philharmonic's performance today. The reason I'm briefly greeting you before starting the next piece is because the repertoire has been changed."

Changed repertoire? However, the members' eyes showed no signs of wavering, as if it were a planned procedure.

"I will add the previously unfinished 'Gang Hyun Symphony No. 2' to the repertoire. Of course, the originally planned pieces will be performed without changes. I apologize for the unintended extension of the performance time. Now, please enjoy the grand melodies of the New York Philharmonic."

Only then did Director Jim Filmer realize. Kang Hyun might seem cold and cynical, but in reality, he was an exceptionally clever conductor.

The sudden addition to the repertoire was undoubtedly planned. One could tell just by the subtle smile on the concertmaster's face.

Despite the extended performance time, no audience member complained. Instead, a deep excitement and anticipation filled the concert hall.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

