---
title: Chapter 252
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:12
tags:
---


“Chapel's breeze is always refreshing.”

It was the Chapel located on the outskirts of Brussels. It was a place where twelve carefully selected violinists from the Queen Elisabeth Competition would stay for eight days. This place was even called a sanctuary by violinists.

There was a white-haired violinist named Hirose.

“There is a lot of talk because of the recommendation of Hyun.”

China's great master, Deng Lun, cautiously approached Hirose. Currently, there were many discussions among the organizers of the Queen Elisabeth Competition.

The reason was simple. It was because Japan's great master Hirose had recommended Kang Hyun as the final judge.

“It was an expected result. Hyun is still very young. I don't think their opposition is unreasonable. But if they meet Hyun, the result will be different.”

At Hirose’s words, Deng Lun nodded briefly. Objectively speaking, Kang Hyun's career was impressive. However, compared to other great masters, it was not equal, even though it was excellent for his young age.

However, Deng Lun agreed with the statement that 'the result would be different if they meet Hyun.'

“That's right, Hirose. That child is really mysterious. When I first met that child in Brussels seven years ago, I was so mistaken to think that the god of music residing in Brussels had incarnated into a person. It was unbelievable to dismiss it as an old man's nonsense because the talent that child showed back then was really incredible. Even Alexei, who is famous for his stubbornness, conceded to him.”

“Viktor will be the same as Alexei.”

Viktor was strongly against having Kang Hyun as a judge. But he too would change his mind when he met Kang Hyun.

“Hirose, may I ask why you want that child to be seated as a judge?”

“Hyun is someone who is difficult to evaluate by our standards. Just because he is young, we cannot delay such a good experience. I think this Queen Elisabeth Competition will be a great experience for Hyun. And I did not call that child.”

“What do you mean?”

“At first, I didn't have Hyun in mind. But while staying in the Chapel, I realized that it is essential to have Hyun meet the violinists who will light up the history of classical music in the future. Once again, I must say that I did not call Hyun.”

At that moment, Hirose’s white hair fluttered in the wind.

“It was the god of music residing in the Chapel who called him.”

* * *

Sizzle―!

The house in Ichon-dong was filled with a savory aroma. The table was set with a feast, including japchae with the touch of a mother's hand, galbijjim, lotus root stew, and stir-fried anchovies, which were the son's favorites. It was enough to be mistaken for a banquet table.

[Violinist Kang Hyun has received the 2001 Pop Culture and Arts Award. Kang Hyun, at the age of 13, won the Queen Elisabeth Competition, making a mark in the music world. He later conducted a performance for the British Royal Family, an extraordinary feat for an Asian musician, and received numerous calls from leading symphony orchestras worldwide. Furthermore, he made a historic mark on the Billboard charts, which were considered impregnable.]

The news was constantly talking about Kang Hyun. After his performance in New York, the media praised Kang Hyun, comparing him to 'Mozart' and calling him a musical genius from Asia.

There was public opinion that he should be granted various benefits, including military exemption, for his contribution to promoting the national prestige and spreading the name of South Korea worldwide.

In reality, he had already received various commendations, excluding the military exemption benefit he gained from winning the Queen Elisabeth Competition.

“Dad, I’m home.”

Just in time, Kang Hyun's aunt and uncle entered the house in Ichon-dong. Unlike the uncles who were still punished and not forgiven, they were the relatives who could still face the grandfather.

The grandfather nodded slightly as he received the greetings from the aunt and uncle and then moved towards the dining table.

“Hyunja, when did Hyun say he would arrive?”

“He said he would come right away after finishing an interview because the reporters kept contacting him today. Sister and brother-in-law, come and sit down quickly. Jinseok, you too, wash your hands and come sit.”

“It would be nice if Kang could come quickly, but he’s swamped with company work.”

Dongju had already secured a foothold in entering China.

It could be said that the help from Geumwang Group and Deng Zheng was significant. Not only did they have existing chemical materials that became cash cows, but they also gained wings due to graphene.

Moreover, entering the Chinese market meant that Dongju was receiving evaluations that it was experiencing a second golden age in the chemical industry. 

At that moment…

“I’m home.”

When Kang Hyun's voice was heard, the grandfather and mother smiled broadly. Kang Hyun was currently active in Korea, having put his life in England on hold for a while.

Although he intended to spend a sabbatical year in Korea, it was just as difficult to see his face as when he was abroad.

“Aunt and uncle are here too. Jinseok hyung is here too. Is today a special occasion?”

“You rascal, everyone gathered to celebrate your commendation.”

The grandfather patted Kang Hyun’s head and sat with him at the dining table. The atmosphere during the meal was harmonious. However, unlike before, the aunt and uncle ate their food quietly.

They couldn’t add a word as they had done in the past because of the many mistakes they had made. At that moment…

“Jinseok hyung, isn’t it time for you to go to the army?”

“What?”

At Kang Hyun’s words, Yoo Jinseok stiffened as if he had indigestion.

Yoo Jinseok had gone to university abroad. It was called studying abroad, but in reality, it was an escape. Eventually, he couldn’t adapt to school life, took a leave of absence, and didn’t return to Korea.

“Hyun, our Jinseok is planning to take the foreign medical exam and get a medical license in Korea to become a military doctor.”

“A military doctor?”

Kang Hyun swallowed a bitter smile. In his previous life, Yoo Jinseok had dropped out of an unknown overseas medical school, where he had entered through a donation. He remembered that Jinseok had gone into public service through a broker, let alone becoming a military doctor.

Later, he was sued for fraud and met as a prosecutor and suspect at the Western District Prosecutor's Office. 

At that moment…

“Just go to the army since you’re taking a break from school anyway.”

“Dad?”

“Jinseok, stop running away and go like a man.”

Yoo Jinseok swallowed nervously. He couldn’t have imagined that the topic of the army would come up today.

Kang Hyun thought it was a relief. Sending Yoo Jinseok to the army might slightly increase the chance of him coming to his senses in the future. The uncles and aunts were already enough of a headache for this family.

“Dad, Jinseok is going to be a military doctor. How can he go as a regular soldier like others? Our child can’t live in such harsh conditions.”

“Bokja, until when are you going to wrap your child in your skirt?”

At the grandfather’s stern voice, the aunt fell silent.

Yoo Jinseok wanted to curse at Kang Hyun, who had created this situation, but he couldn’t. Whenever he met Kang Hyun’s eyes, he felt as if he was a herbivore in front of a carnivore.

At that moment…

“Jinseok hyung, have you thought about the Marines?”

Yoo Jinseok’s face turned pale.

* * *

‘Will he really become a better person…’

A week had passed since Kang Hyun mentioned the Marines to Yoo Jinseok. The grandfather had pushed so hard for Yoo Jinseok’s enlistment that there was already talk of him applying to the Marines.

Although he felt sorry for Yoo Jinseok, there was no other way. If things continued as they were, he would likely see Yoo Jinseok getting sued for fraud as in his previous life.

‘Rolling in the Marines might make him a better person.’

At least it was good not to see that bright yellow hair anymore. Somehow, it was more bleached yellow than the blonde he had seen in New York. Wearing luxury brands made him the epitome of the orange tribe.

“Hyun.”

“Director?”

At that moment, Im Hyera, the director, came to find Kang Hyun in his studio. Her face was surprisingly excited. Could it be that she was about to announce another commendation or a CF offer from a major overseas company?

“Listen without being surprised.”

“What’s going on? Why are you hesitating?”

Knowing Im Hyera’s usual temperament, Kang Hyun thought it must be something significant for her to hesitate.

It was understandable. She was the madam of Jeil Group, the most influential woman in South Korea.

“You’ve been invited as a judge.”

“A judge?”

It was unexpected. Until now, the only judging he had done was for the violin part audition of the New York Philharmonic. That too was because the concertmaster Antonio had persistently requested it. It was an unavoidable choice. There was no way that Kang Hyun, at his young age, could hold the title of a judge.

“The Queen Elisabeth Competition organizers have contacted us. They want to invite you to the judging panel.”

“What?”

“The Queen Elisabeth Competition, the one you won seven years ago.”

“Wait a minute. Director, did I hear correctly? The Queen Elisabeth Competition, not some local event, but the one held in Brussels.”

Kang Hyun couldn’t believe it. It was understandable. What was the Queen Elisabeth Competition? It was a competition where the world's most talented musical prodigies gathered to compete.

It was even called the stage of dreams for violinists. He himself participated in the Queen Elisabeth Competition seven years ago. Unlike other participants, he entered for the military exemption benefit.

“Director, are you sure you heard it right? Being a judge at the Queen Elisabeth Competition is not just about playing; it’s about judging. The judges there are all renowned masters whose names are known by everyone.”

Reflecting on the past, the panel included Russian master Alexei, Chinese master Deng Lun, and French master Pierre Garnel, all renowned masters among violinists.

Moreover, the list of candidates for the judging panel included many well-known masters.

Objectively, it was unreasonable for Kang Hyun to be invited as a judge.

“I couldn’t believe it either, so I asked several times.”

“It must be a mistake. Even if my name was on the candidate list, there would have been strong opposition. My experience aside, I’m too young. Alexei, who was a judge seven years ago, is now the dean of the Moscow Conservatory.”

“There was a strong recommendation for you, Hyun. That person even moved the hearts of the other judges.”

Who could it have been to move the hearts of such proud masters?

Being seated as a judge meant being on an equal status with those masters. It was not something that could be easily described. It was on a different level than being the youngest conductor in an orchestra.

At that moment, Director Im Hyera introduced the person who moved the hearts of the masters.

“Master Hirose strongly recommended you, Hyun.”


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

