---
title: Chapter 253
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:13
tags:
---


To reach the sun, to reach the sun, like a rising fantasy―!

The Russian maestro Viktor was sipping his drink while enjoying a symphony. It was Gang Hyun Symphony No. 1, which was currently sweeping the Billboard charts.

The rising melody that began with the horn and string introduction was flawless. It was a piece that captured the charm of orchestration, as if pursuing the utopia of a musician.

Some critics compared Gang Hyun Symphony No. 1 to Beethoven’s Symphony No. 9 in D minor, ‘Choral’. The grand and majestic anthem certainly bore similarities to the Choral Symphony.

What was remarkable was the storytelling in the first and fourth movements. The fresh melody, like a child's footsteps, grew into the majestic strides of a giant.

One could understand why so many music critics were raving about Kang Hyun's symphony.

“Damn it.”

He didn't want to admit it, but from the composition of the movements to the finale, there was no denying that he deserved to be in the ranks of the maestros.

“Violinist Hyun.”

He was the virtuoso named as the final judge. Viktor had strongly opposed it, but the other judges unanimously approved Kang Hyun’s invitation as a judge. There was no longer any room for opposition.

“Judging others is not something you can do just because you're good at performing!”

Viktor nervously downed his drink. The fiery sensation of vodka flowed down his throat like reverse-flowing lava, but it felt lukewarm rather than hot.

It was understandable. Sitting on the judging panel with a young man who had just turned twenty was absurd.

He would have preferred it if Nikolai, who had alcohol dependency symptoms, had come instead.

-If he is not fit to sit on the judging panel, I will kick him out immediately.

It was a threat, but not a threat. Even if he was recognized as a violinist, if he lacked the discretion to evaluate someone, he was to be ready to leave the judging panel immediately.

Other maestros, knowing Viktor’s temperament, did not comment further.

Clank.

The symphony ended, and the glass was placed down with a sound. Viktor’s blurry vision was haunted by the face of Kang Hyun, whom he had never seen before.

He couldn’t help but know the face of the person who had stirred up the classical music world.

Viktor smirked. Alright, let's see how extraordinary you are.

* * *

Rustle.

Was someone cursing?

“Hey, what are you daydreaming about while playing Go?”

“Someone must be cursing me. My ears suddenly feel itchy.”

“Tsk tsk, now you're making lame jokes to buy time. Every time I turn on the TV, it's all about praising you, Hyun.”

Kang Hyun looked down at the Go board. Chairman Son’s competitive spirit was as strong as any young man’s. Otherwise, how could his Go skills have improved so much? He must have received daily Go lessons from a professional player while Kang Hyun was abroad.

“Grandfather, your Go skills have improved a lot?”

“Tsk tsk, is it noticeable?”

“In the past, I could see openings, but now I can’t see any at all.”

“Of course. Do you know how long I learned from Master Kuksu? I even learned from the master before he returned to Jirisan Mountain. I’ve played so much Go with him that I can’t even remember. Now, I can give you a three-stone handicap and still win, Hyun.”

Chairman Son’s spirit was high. The situation on the Go board showed it. Right from the opening, the black stones had taken the lead. Even in the fierce battle in the lower right corner during the midgame, the black stones didn’t lose their edge. At this rate, it was clear that Kang Hyun would lose.

But there was no trace of anxiety or impatience on Kang Hyun's face. He had the composure of a master who oversaw the entire Go board.

Clack.

The white stone held by Kang Hyun's long fingers was placed without hesitation. It pierced into the territory of the black stones like a general charging into enemy lines.

Was it a losing move? However, there was no sign of movement on Kang Hyun's face. Chairman Son, with a puzzled expression, began to read the move slowly.

“What?”

“If the black stones can defend the fortress with this move, they will seize the advantage. If they lose the gate, the white stones will take the upper hand. Didn’t someone say that no matter how chaotic and complex the situation is, a single move can determine the outcome?”

“Who said that?”

“I just made it up.”

Go was indeed a sport that perfectly matched the saying about life’s twists and turns. Even if the black stones seemed dominant, the white stones would soon find and exploit an opening.

In the relentless pursuit on the Go board, it was ultimately Chairman Son who placed the final stone.

“You rascal, you never let your grandfather win even once.”

“Grandfather, I almost lost this time. I think I might lose next time?”

“You sweet-talking rascal. By the way, when are you going to Belgium?”

“I think I'll leave in about two weeks. Honestly, I’m still in a daze about being invited as a judge. The media keeps reporting on my appointment as a competition judge. There’s so much talk.”

While there were many comments about him bringing honor to the nation, there were also various opinions about Kang Hyun taking on such a significant role at a young age.

“Your grandfather believes you'll do well, Hyun. Just because someone is older doesn’t mean their judgment is better. I trust your judgment, Hyun.”

Chairman Son acknowledged Kang Hyun’s judgment. After all, the VH Company that Kang Hyun had nurtured was now a well-known name in the investment industry.

Although Director Kim Sang-guk was officially the representative, it was Kang Hyun who was actually guiding the investment operations and direction.

“By the way, Hyun, aren’t you going to visit the company?”

It was a well-known fact among those in the know that VH Company had set up its headquarters in Korea.

At one time, numerous stockbrokers had eagerly moved to join VH Company. It was the first time the stock market had been so excited since the financial crisis.

“The company?”

Kang Hyun scratched his head. Although he was the actual representative of VH Company, he wasn’t its public face. Many people outside still knew Director Kim Sang-guk as the representative.

* * *

In Yeouido, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, the Korean headquarters of ‘VH Company’ was located.

The exterior was modest compared to other large investment companies.

It was understandable. Not only was the number of employees small, but the investment targets were primarily overseas.

However, the number of people wanting to join this company was enormous. Among the well-known figures externally, there was Director Kim Sang-guk, who had served as the head of the strategic planning office at Jeil Group.

The dozens of subordinate employees under Director Kim Sang-guk were also known to be prominent figures in domestic companies.

The reason they wanted to join VH Company was simple.

In addition to the salary and welfare benefits, the future growth potential of VH Company was enormous. Abroad, VH Company was already being referred to as a company with the Midas touch.

“Let’s do this!”

New employee Kim Hyun-a, who was in charge of the VH Company’s desk, also started her first day with big dreams.

The employees working at VH Company were all intellectuals. You could sense their intellectual aura from their appearance.

Among them, the pinnacle was undoubtedly Director Kim Sang-guk. His chiseled jaw and sharp eyes looked like something out of a Hong Kong noir film.

His charisma was so immense that he became the crush of many female employees at VH Company. It was then.

“Excuse me.”

A man with a deeply pulled-down hat approached the desk. Kim Hyun-a was puzzled but responded according to the manual.

“Yes, how can I help you?”

“I’m here to meet Director Kim Sang-guk. Ah, his title has changed now.”

“What?”

He was calling Director Kim Sang-guk as if he were an older brother from the neighborhood.

At first, she thought he was a strange person and was about to call the security guard waiting in the lobby, but something about the eyes hidden under the hat made Kim Hyun-a hesitate.

It felt like facing a deep and transparent lake. His eyes had an aura that was as overwhelming as Director Kim Sang-guk’s.

Gulp.

The man with the pulled-down hat seemed to be aware of Kim Hyun-a's gaze or perhaps the surrounding attention, so he pulled down his hat even further.

‘What, what is this?’

Kim Hyun-a, who had momentarily hesitated without realizing it, came to her senses.

“Do, do you have an appointment with Director Kim Sang-guk?”

“No, I didn’t particularly contact him. It seems like he’s in a meeting right now.”

“Then you don’t have a specific appointment with Director Kim Sang-guk. Could you tell me the specific reason you want to meet him?”

There were often people who came to see Director Kim Sang-guk. Some came to discuss job opportunities, while others falsely claimed to have connections with him to meet him.

According to the rules, the man with the pulled-down hat in front of Kim Hyun-a should also be kicked out from the lobby. He didn’t look like an office worker at all. Judging by his spotless skin, he wouldn’t be very old either.

However, what bothered her was the look she saw under the long brim of his hat.

‘Oh, come on.’

Kang Hyun licked his dry lips. He had worn the hat because of the reporters who stuck to him every time he went out. The reason he visited the VH Company headquarters in Yeouido without contacting Director Kim Sang-guk was simple.

‘Who makes an appointment to visit their own house?’

Kang Hyun was the owner of VH Company.

However, only a few employees at the headquarters had seen Kang Hyun’s face. Those were just the elite directly managed by Director Kim Sang-guk.

Naturally, most of the desk staff or general department employees did not know about Kang Hyun. With the help of Jeil Group, it had not been widely reported domestically.

He wanted to reveal his identity and say, “I’m the representative here,” but he couldn’t. Yeouido was an area where rumors spread faster than wildfire. The stockbrokers’ word of mouth was quicker than a racehorse.

Just as he was about to call Director Kim Sang-guk.

“Has there been any contact from Austria Dream? What about Wang Wei from Hong Kong, whom we met a few days ago?”

A familiar voice pierced his ears. It was Director Kim Sang-guk, who was walking with his subordinates.

Director Kim Sang-guk naturally turned his head and stopped in front of the desk. He looked at the man with the pulled-down hat with a puzzled expression.

Soon, Director Kim Sang-guk’s eyes widened, and his face lit up like a lantern.

“Representative?”


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

