---
title: Chapter 254
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:14
tags:
---


Different ways to refer to Director Kim Sang-guk of VH Company include many things. Some joke that he resembles a Hong Kong movie star, calling him the "Guo Fucheng of Yeouido," while others refer to him as the "King of Investment" or "God of Investment," and he is even considered an idol among stockbrokers.

His career was also impressive. He had a history of leading the strategic planning office, which only the talents personally selected by Chairman Wang among the Cheil Group's scholarship students could enter.

Externally, he was also evaluated as having fully demonstrated his abilities in the investment case of an Austrian pharmaceutical company.

Because of this, he had already become a living legend in Yeouido.

“Director, the coffee doesn’t taste good.”

“The president came, so I personally brewed Luwak coffee, but you don't like it?”

“You could have just given me a packet of coffee. Why did you bother making such expensive coffee? Also, Luwak coffee is now banned in the company. It's all about animal cruelty to cats.”

“Cough, it was a gift...”

To an outsider, it would have seemed like a bizarre scene that would make their eyes widen. Director Kim Sang-guk, with his sharp eyes and square jaw, was flustered in front of a young man who looked like a college student.

“First, let's take a look at the investment plans for Japan and Hong Kong.”

“Don’t you want to take a look around the company?”

“All companies are the same. If I wander around, the department staff will find it strange. It’s much more comfortable for me to remain a faceless president.”

With a tense demeanor, Director Kim Sang-guk handed the investment plans to Kang Hyun.

Kang Hyun, without his hat, looked exceedingly handsome. Moreover, the sight of him reading the investment plan with a melancholic gaze was like a scene from a movie.

“Whose idea is it to target the Japanese display market?”

“It’s the opinion of Manager Kim Ji-uk from Investment Team 2.”

“It’s not a bad idea, but it’s premature. I think it’s too late to jump in now. It would be better to target other areas. Especially since the consumption culture and market direction in Japan are drastically changing from the 20th to the 21st century. Particularly, Japanese government bonds will gradually lose their appeal. The Hong Kong plan is your idea, right?”

“Yes, it is.”

“It’s not bad. Our VH Company should target not only Hong Kong but also Chinese stocks. They are not popular in the market right now, but they are stocks with potential. And...”

Kang Hyun continued to give advice on the investment plans. Director Kim Sang-guk listened attentively.

‘What could his secret be?’

Kang Hyun seemed to have the insight of someone who could foresee the future.

Drawing a big picture is not an easy task. Moreover, Kang Hyun’s investment strategy, which saw even the smallest details, was enough to make Director Kim Sang-guk admire him.

He had known early on that Kang Hyun had an extraordinary talent for reading the world stock market, but it was a continuous surprise every time.

‘I understand why he moved Chairman Barbara.’

There was already a rumor on Wall Street that Kang Hyun was the big hand that moved Chairman Barbara Tannenbaum.

People who knew Kang Hyun only as a musician thought it was an exaggerated rumor, but Director Kim Sang-guk was different.

Even Director Kim Sang-guk, who had experienced all sorts of ups and downs in the strategic planning office of the Cheil Group, was so fascinated by him. It was likely that Chairman Barbara Tannenbaum also felt the same way.

Come to think of it.

‘Chairman Wang’s insight is truly remarkable.’

Among them, Chairman Wang of the Cheil Group had shown great interest in Kang Hyun, who was only a middle school student at the time. Indeed, he could be considered a giant in the Korean business world. He had immediately recognized the great potential in Kang Hyun.

Considering how much Kang Hyun had achieved at the age of twenty-one, it was unimaginable how he would grow as he aged. It felt like looking up at an endlessly growing ancient tree.

“Director, are you listening?”

“Yes, yes. I am listening.”

“Please provide full support within reasonable limits for the conditions desired by Austria Dream. They have the potential to become a card that surpasses Calvin Pharmaceuticals. By the way, I heard you went on a matchmaking date recently?”

“What?”

Director Kim Sang-guk almost spat out his coffee. How did he know that he went on a matchmaking date?

“I heard it from Chairman Wang. We played Go together a few days ago. I heard you went on a date with the eldest daughter of Chief Justice Han Deuk-hyung?”

“Cough, yes, but...”

“You don’t like her, do you?”

“How did you know, Representative?”

Kang Hyun smiled faintly. Chief Justice Han Deuk-hyung was also someone Kang Hyun knew early on. He was famous for his fiery temper, which didn’t quite match his position as Chief Justice.

Moreover, in his later years, his eldest daughter made headlines for incidents like drunk driving and assaulting a police officer at the scene.

When Kang Hyun first entered the Judicial Research and Training Institute, there was even a wave of public opinion calling for the impeachment of the Chief Justice.

“Chairman Wang is probably pushing for a strategic marriage thinking about your future, but if you don’t like it, you don’t have to do it. You’ve already left the strategic planning office quite a while ago. Ultimately, what matters is your own feelings. The right partner for you will come naturally, like destiny.”

Kang Hyun predicted Director Kim Sang-guk’s future as if he were a fortune teller. Kang Hyun knew who Director Kim Sang-guk, who later became the Prime Minister, eventually married.

Director Kim Sang-guk, who was called the elite of elites, eventually married an elementary school classmate who had lost her parents early and lived a lonely life. This made him known as a romanticist in the political world.

“Well, I’ve seen how you’re doing, Director, so I should get going now.”

“Are you leaving so soon, Representative?”

“If I stay here, the rest of the staff will just get tired.”

As Kang Hyun got up from his seat, Director Kim Sang-guk asked the question he had been holding back.

“Representative, can I really believe that my destined partner will come?”

“Fate is nothing special. There’s a saying that even brushing against someone’s sleeve is fate. You might have already met them. Isn’t there someone who makes you feel comfortable just by being around them?”

Director Kim Sang-guk tilted his head. As someone who didn’t believe in fate, Kang Hyun’s words seemed like nonsense.

However, someone did come to mind. Someone who made him feel comfortable just by being around, as Kang Hyun had said.

* * *

In Brussels, Belgium, letters filled with the hopes of aspiring violinists from around the world arrived.

The prestige of the Queen Elisabeth Competition was immense. It was praised as one of the three major competitions worldwide and was established as a national event.

Furthermore, because last year’s competition was postponed, a record number of participants were expected to apply this year.

“Is it true that violinist Hyun is coming as a judge?”

Eva couldn’t hide her surprise. Seven years ago, she had personally greeted violinist Hyun along with the Russian maestro Alexei.

Back then, she never imagined that such a small boy would dominate the Queen Elisabeth Competition.

“This year’s competition is going to be amazing.”

The attendance of violinist Hyun was not the only highlight. Even the Japanese maestro Hirose, who had never appeared in any competition before, was attending.

Moreover, promising violinists from around the world were eagerly applying.

‘There are some real dark horses.’

It was a gathering of promising violinists whose names were already known. Many of them had already won other international competitions.

The reason they were so obsessed with the Queen Elisabeth Competition was simple. The Chapelle, a sanctuary for violinists, was a stage of dreams.

“Huh?”

At that moment, a recommendation letter caught Eva’s eye. Among the recommendation letters from famous maestros around the world, two particularly stood out.

As if recalling a past memory, Eva picked up the recommendation letters. One bore the seal of the Royal Academy of Music in London, and the other bore the seal of Spencer, the pride of the London Symphony Orchestra.

It was the first time Spencer had recommended someone since seven years ago. However, the name of the promising violinist mentioned in the recommendation letter was unfamiliar.

“Sabrina?”

* * *

“Maestro, are you uncomfortable?”

“There’s no way I could be uncomfortable. Thank you for treating me so well.”

Kang Hyun felt a bit burdened on the flight to Belgium. Not only the flight attendants but even the purser and the captain revealed they were fans of Kang Hyun and treated him with familiarity.

They were so kind that if Kang Hyun showed any displeasure while eating his in-flight meal, they would offer to prepare the food again. If he so much as coughed lightly, they would immediately bring him cold medicine and a blanket. Kang Hyun thought he should probably give them autographs before getting off the plane.

Fortunately, the Queen Elisabeth Competition had provided a first-class ticket, so there was little chance of running into other passengers.

“Huh? But Daesun Air’s model has changed?”

On the cover of the airline magazine was a familiar face smiling. Hearing Kang Hyun’s question, the flight attendant answered with a proud expression.

“Yes, this year, Maestro Baek Jung-hoon modeled for the shoot.”

“It feels a bit unfamiliar because he’s in uniform.”

As the saying goes, clothes make the man. Baek Jung-hoon, who was tall and broad-shouldered, looked great in a uniform.

Normally, a famous celebrity would have been chosen as the model, but perhaps due to Kang Hyun’s influence, there was a classical music boom in the country.

Would Kang Hyun know? In fact, Daesun Air had initially offered the modeling job to none other than himself.

Disliking anything bothersome, Kang Hyun had declined all CF and corporate model offers, leading to this situation.

“Maestro, please use Daesun Air again next time. We, along with the rest of the crew, will always be cheering for you from the sky.”

That sounded a bit odd. But the flight attendants’ eyes were filled with excessive admiration.

It was understandable. News praising Kang Hyun was broadcast daily in Korea.

Under the guise of enhancing national prestige, he was already considered on par with sports stars Park Chan-ho and Park Se-ri.

As Kang Hyun exited the gate with his bodyguards, he saw a familiar face.

“Teacher!”

It was Hirose, known as the queen of violinists. Her white hair was so striking that it was noticeable even from a distance.

Even just standing there normally, she exuded an aura as if she were on stage. She was the violinist who best suited the term virtuoso.

At that moment.

‘What is this?’

A memory from seven years ago suddenly came to Kang Hyun. It was because of the middle-aged man standing crookedly next to Hirose. He resembled the Russian maestro Alexei but was younger and had a more pronounced aquiline nose.

Moreover, his eyebrows were long, like those of an owl. His deep laugh lines gave him an impression that matched the term "nasty."

But one shouldn’t judge a person by their first impression.

“Teacher, it’s an honor to see you again.”

“Hyun, it’s been a long time. You’ve become much more handsome than before, and you’ve grown so much taller. Oh, and this gentleman here is…”

Before Hirose could finish her sentence, the Russian Viktor greeted him in a nasty tone.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

