---
title: Chapter 268
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:28
tags:
---


“How about you?”

It had been a long time since the couple, Son Jangwon and Im Hyera, had spent time together. They were having a conversation while tipping their wine glasses.

Son Jangwon knew exactly what his wife Im Hyera was implying with her question.

“How about Hyun as a son-in-law?”

“Ahem.”

Parents with daughters all feel the same way. For Son Jangwon, Yooha was a precious jewel that he couldn't trade for anything.

“She’s still in high school...”

When Son Jangwon hesitated, Im Hyera urged him on.

“I mean in the future, far in the future.”

“The opinions of the people involved are the most important.”

“Oh come on, the father-in-law's opinion matters too. If you keep hesitating, you might miss out.”

Son Jangwon was known as the 'Tiger of the Jeil Group,' the successor to the chairman. Even the executives found it hard to meet his gaze due to his innate charisma that ruled the Jeil Group. He had never been at a loss for words in front of anyone.

However, he was different at home. No matter how powerful he was in the Jeil Group, he was just another husband who became infinitely smaller in front of his wife.

“Hyun would make an excellent son-in-law.”

Son Jangwon's assessment was objective. Kang Hyun was a young man who had achieved accomplishments that even the most talented people in Korea couldn't achieve, and he did so before even turning twenty.

Even if one wasn't interested in music, the results Kang Hyun had achieved were groundbreaking in classical music history.

Moreover, knowing about the secrets with his father and VH Company made Kang Hyun seem even more remarkable.

What happened to those who underestimated him just because he was young? If what his father said was true, Kang Hyun had the insight to stand shoulder to shoulder with the giants of the business world. He was more than qualified as a son-in-law.

“Your father has an appointment in Andong today, and Yooha will be home late. How about we spend some cozy time together?”

At Im Hyera's suggestive look, Son Jangwon's Adam's apple bobbed up and down.

Just as he was wondering how to navigate this tricky situation,

"I'm home!"

A savior appeared. The appearance of his only daughter, who he couldn't love more, made Son Jangwon jump up from his seat.

* * *

“Oh no―!”

Son Yooha pulled the blanket over her face with all her might. Her face was still flushed, as if she had been drinking. Her grandfather was even worried that she might have caught a cold.

“I did it.”

The sensation of the kiss was still vivid. Even the most delicious pudding in the world wouldn't have been as soft.

While kissing, it felt like a clear bird song was ringing in her head, as if someone was ringing a bell.

The streetlight shone like a camera spotlight, making that moment unforgettable.

“Yooha.”

At that moment, her mother Im Hyera entered Yooha's room.

“I brought some cold medicine, just in case. Take it and go to sleep.”

Im Hyera placed her palm on Yooha’s forehead with a worried expression.

“You don’t have much of a fever...”

Even compared to her own forehead, Yooha's didn't feel hot. But Yooha's face was red as if it might burst.

Im Hyera felt sorry, wondering if the long flight from New York had been too hard on her.

Even though she seemed grown-up, she was still just a high school student. Bright and competent enough to make others envious, but still a small baby in Im Hyera's eyes.

Sending such a child to study abroad alone must have been lonely and tough, even if she didn’t show it.

“If you're really sick, should I call Dr. Joo?”

“Hoho Grandpa?”

“Yes, it’s been so long since I heard you call him that.”

Dr. Joo was the family doctor whom Yooha was very fond of in her childhood, just like Chairman Wang.

Im Hyera reminisced for a moment.

“Oh, no. I'm really fine.”

Yooha waved her hands, unusually flustered. Im Hyera narrowed her eyes and studied her daughter.

For someone with a cold, her voice was clear and there was no fever. Yet, her face was flushed like a half-cooked beet.

“Come to think of it, you met Hyun today, right?”

Yooha's heart sank, but she nodded briefly, trying to hide her reaction. But sharp-eyed Im Hyera didn't miss the moment.

“Did Hyun perhaps kiss you?”

Mother.

I'm sorry, but you're mistaken.

Yooha swallowed her words and ushered her mother out of the room.

Only then did Im Hyera, convinced, tease her, saying, “He did, didn’t he!”

Meanwhile, Son Jangwon, who had been eavesdropping on the mother-daughter conversation, also rushed in, exclaiming, “What? Did you kiss?”

They teased her so much that anyone who saw them wouldn’t believe Im Hyera was the lady of Jeil Group.

After a long tussle with her parents, Yooha plopped down on her bed again.

“Oppa will remember, right?”

Her cheeks turned even redder. She was sure Hyun had heard her confession. Though she was drunk, she couldn't forget Hyun's clear eyes at that moment.

After the kiss, Hyun had softly replied to her question.

-Yooha, I’ve always liked you.

Yooha tightly gripped the blanket. It was the sweetest line in the world.

* * *

Chirp Chirp Chirp―!

Kang Hyun woke up to the sound of cicadas.

Though he still felt like someone had hit his head with a hammer, he couldn’t forget the memories of last night.

For a moment, he felt like he had returned to his youth. He had never felt so thrilled in his life. He was even worried that Yooha might hear his heartbeat.

“Hyun, where are you going today?”

His mother asked as Hyun prepared to go out. He wanted to meet Yooha, but she had mentioned a prior engagement. In the end, Hyun decided to stick to his original schedule.

“I’m planning to go to Yeouido for a bit.”

“Yeouido?”

“Yes, I have someone to meet there.”

Hyun started his beloved car parked in the garage.

The reason for heading to Yeouido was simple. He was visiting the headquarters of VH Company.

Just like the last time he visited VH Company headquarters, he wore a hat pulled down low.

He thought that public interest would fade over time, but he was wrong. The number of fan club members was increasing daily, and there were constant inquiries about holding Hyun’s concert at Jeil Gallery.

Even the media was constantly covering Hyun’s story, making it hard to catch a break.

The only saving grace was that most articles praised him for elevating the national prestige.

“How can I help you?”

Kim Hyunah, who was in charge of the VH Company desk in Yeouido, was busy attending to the many visitors as usual.

Most of them didn’t have appointments, but some were famous people even Kim Hyunah knew.

However, meeting with the executives of VH Company wasn’t something easily granted. There was even a saying in Yeouido:

“It’s harder to meet Director Kim Sangguk of VH Company than to meet the President.”

To prove the point, she had just turned away someone who had been waiting all day in the lobby to meet Director Kim Sangguk. At that moment,

“How can I help you?”

A man wearing a hat walked in. For some reason, he looked familiar. When the man smiled from under the brim of his hat, Kim Hyunah's eyes widened.

“Please tell Director Kim Sangguk that Hyun is waiting.”

“Y-Yes! I’ll contact him right away!”

She knew who he was without needing to be told. No Korean would be unaware of Kang Hyun.

Moreover, she had already seen Director Kim Sangguk treat him with utmost respect during his previous visit to VH Company.

“The coffee tastes better.”

Hyun said, sipping the coffee Kim Sangguk had brought. Kim Sangguk, looking a bit shy, raised his cup.

“Since the CEO banned Luwak coffee, instant coffee has become popular within the company. It might seem easy, but the taste changes completely depending on who makes it. It’s so good that even coffee shops can’t compete.”

Kim Sangguk’s boast wasn’t an exaggeration; the coffee was indeed perfect. After refreshing himself with the coffee, Hyun got to the point of his visit.

“Actually, I came here today to discuss something with you.”

At Hyun's serious tone, Kim Sangguk put down his cup and leaned in.

“How about trying something other than VH Company?”

“Pardon?”

It was an unexpected suggestion. He never thought Hyun would visit to give him a dismissal notice.

Kim Sangguk pondered whether he had ever upset Hyun. But he had always been careful not to do anything that would displease his superiors.

“What I mean is, how about entering politics?”

“Politics?”

“This isn’t a sudden suggestion. Chairman Wang has mentioned it to you several times, hasn’t he?”

“Yes, but I’m not well-versed in politics.”

“Oh come on, if Director Kim Sangguk doesn’t know the political landscape of Korea, who does? You were aware of most political secrets when you were head of the Strategy Planning Office at Jeil Group. And as a director of VH Company, your external connections must have expanded. You’re perfect for the role.”

Kim Sangguk was deep in thought. Chairman Wang had often suggested he enter politics, but he had always declined.

But to hear such a suggestion from Hyun was unexpected.

“I have no intention of using you as a tool in politics. I just want to help you create the world you envision.”

Hyun knew from his previous life how many achievements Kim Sangguk had made as Prime Minister.

If Hyun was driven by material desires and power, Kim Sangguk was the opposite. A Jeil Group scholarship student, he had the temperament and values of a wise ruler.

“Sir, I have a request.”

“Go ahead.”

“I feel a great responsibility for my current position and the staff who follow me. Please grant me three years. During that time, I will continue working with VH Company and think more about my political aspirations.”

“Of course. If you were to leave VH Company now, finding a competent CEO would be my headache.”

Hyun was certain that three years would pass quickly.

Based on the Kim Sangguk he knew from his past life, he was a born politician.

Very few virtuous people in Korea could hold such a significant role.

“By the way, do you know the investment return of VH Company this year?”

“I received the report, but the figures don’t quite feel real to me.”

“Do you have any plans to expand the business?”

Hyun shook his head. He had long abandoned his desires. VH Company was also started to prevent his uncles from ruining Dongju Chemicals, a business that his grandparents had started.

“I plan to set up a foundation with part of VH Company's profits. I want to support underprivileged people and those who live without realizing their talents in Korea.”

“Hearing that makes me want to work even harder for the next three years.”

“Ha ha, even if you continue as you are, I won’t be able to spend all that money in my lifetime.”

Kim Sangguk knew how remarkable the man sitting before him was.

Even excluding the inheritance from Dongju Chemicals, Hyun was a self-made genius who had already climbed the ranks of the business world.

However, Hyun didn’t know how much Kim Sangguk would elevate VH Company’s reputation in the next three years.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

