---
title: Chapter 270
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:30
tags:
---


Click―!

The sound of the camera shutter somehow makes people nervous.

Of course, it wasn't always like this. While preparing for a career as a congressman, I took countless photos.

It was a life stained with greed and power. There were many times when I had to put on a fake smile in front of others to enter the political arena. When I visited traditional markets and had a 6,000 won bowl of gukbap, comforting the market vendors, there were always photographers trailing behind.

“Candidate number 1, Kang Hyun, bringing fresh water to stagnant pools―!”

As soon as the prepared slogan was shouted, the traditional market was quickly filled with chants of my name.

Even people who didn’t know me would occasionally peek out and look at my face. At those times, I would smile kindly and grasp the hands of the market vendors who had worked hard all their lives, as if embracing them.

When I left the market and got into the car, my assistant would immediately hand me a wet tissue.

Damn it.

Just as my father-in-law, who was a three-term congressman at the time, did, I was accustomed to wearing a mask. But just as the used wet tissue was thrown out the car window, my life was also discarded that way.

There was no sign of remorse on the faces of my father-in-law and wife. To them, abandoning me was no different from abandoning a sick pet.

Perhaps that's why.

—I established the Kang-Yoo Foundation to help underprivileged neighbors and young people who can't blossom their talents. My small wish is for many people to be happy because of my small steps, just as I have received love from the citizens.

I did not disregard the opportunity given by God once again. The life that chased after greed and power had long been abandoned.

Although I couldn’t become a missionary throwing myself into the flames, I resolved to live a life without regrets.

Erasing the stained shadows of my past life chasing success, I helped others with my talents.

Then, as if it were a lie, success and happiness naturally followed. As if it were destined.

“Honey, I’m pregnant―!”

I still can't forget that moment. The movement of a small life stirring in the belly of the woman I love.

Yooha looked up at me with trembling eyes. I was grateful to her because she was the one who changed my life.

The grandfathers carefully picked up a small photo with reverence. They joyfully commented on the child’s face seen in the ultrasound photo, saying the nose resembled someone and the lips were so cute, smiling like children.

My parents embraced me, now an adult, and gifted me the baby clothes I wore as a child. It was a wonder they had kept it all this time.

But having a child made me understand. I could feel what my parents felt as they looked at me.

—The train bound for Jeongdongjin is now entering the station.

Luckily, Yooha didn’t have significant morning sickness, making it easier for her to be active.

She wanted to spend time she hadn’t been able to with me. It was a train trip that any ordinary couple would try at least once.

The train to Jeongdongjin was entering the station with the sound of a horn. As it approached, Yooha held my hand tightly. I could feel her heartbeat and the movement of the child in her belly through my fingertips.

As I patted her head, smiling happily, I thought about how many life histories I had passed through to get here, just like the train running towards its destination.

* * *

“Darling, I’m here.”

I visited the ancestral grave with my grandfather. Under the shining sunlight, the clean gravestones and the grave site without a single weed felt warmer than ever.

The yellow daylilies and yarrow flowers, grown under the summer sun, greeted my grandfather as always.

My grandfather carefully stroked the grave with his wrinkled hands.

“I’m late because I was making your favorite pumpkin pancakes. Have you been waiting long?”

My grandfather carefully placed the pumpkin pancakes he made early in the morning on a plate on the headstone where my grandmother was looking. Next to the pumpkin pancakes was a glass of white milk that my grandmother used to love.

My grandfather silently gazed at my grandmother’s grave for a while. There were waves of memories in his wrinkled eyes, reminiscing about the past.

“Darling, our Kang Seo-bang is taking good care of Dongju, named after a part of my name and the last part of your name. Dongju Chemicals has become so famous these days that you must be watching proudly from heaven. But my heart is not at ease as I didn’t do much for you in our younger days. I feel like I’m enjoying this great happiness all by myself.”

The reason my grandfather cherished Dongju so much was simple. To him, Dongju was one of the few relics left by my grandmother.

A pine breeze was blowing between the pine trees at the ancestral grave. The sound of the babbling brook and birds was more serene than any musical instrument, making my grandmother’s resting place peaceful.

“Darling, you must be watching Hyun from heaven too, right? Our grandson has grown up so well that he says he’s getting married.”

My grandfather, as if having a conversation with my grandmother, affectionately touched the grave.

“Hyun, are you establishing the Kang-Yoo Foundation this time?”

“Yes, Grandfather.”

“It’s named after you and Yooha. Darling, look at our grandson. Doesn’t he resemble us? If you were alive, you would have patted him on the back proudly.”

Hearing my grandfather’s words, Kang Hyun felt tears welling up.

The back of my grandfather, who always seemed like a giant, now showed how much responsibility and burden he had carried as a husband.

“Hyun, my wish is for my grandson to live happily. Darling, don’t you agree?”

Seeing Kang Hyun’s tears, his grandfather was surprised and handed him a handkerchief.

He had always been a prematurely mature grandson. Seeing him, who always acted like an adult, cry like a child, his grandfather gently patted his head.

Kang Hyun felt a surge of emotions that he had never felt in his life. His grandfather looked up at the blue sky and asked,

“Hasn’t our grandson grown up well?”

At that moment, a blue butterfly flew around the grave as if to respond.

* * *

[A wedding of the century is taking place in Seoul, the capital of South Korea. The main characters are violinist and maestro Kang Hyun and Son Yooha, granddaughter of Chairman Son Jangwon of Jeil Group. To celebrate their wedding, not only prominent figures from South Korea but also classical music maestros from abroad are arriving in Korea. The Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs is also busy with the arrival of world-renowned figures. Moreover, it is reported that numerous bigwigs, including Barbara Tannenbaum, CEO of the mega-corporation Barbara Group, are flying to Korea on private jets.]

The anchor’s voice was filled with excitement. At Incheon Airport, a large number of reporters and an unprecedented amount of security personnel were deployed.

The South Korean government was also in a frenzy. The term "wedding of the century" was fitting, as even foreign media were covering it, and prominent figures from around the world were gathering as if by prior arrangement.

[Just now, the eternal maestro Gustav and the empress Karas have arrived together. Following them are Spencer, the chief conductor of the London Symphony Orchestra, and Yuri, the lion of Berlin who leads the Berlin Philharmonic. It’s truly a remarkable sight. It’s rare to see so many violin virtuosos in one place, but here they are. Among them are Hirose, a maestro from neighboring Japan, and other maestros from various countries who have arrived with smiles on their faces.]

It was almost the first time that so many classical music maestros gathered in one place. Most of these people had their schedules packed for the entire year.

Although they gathered at Carnegie Hall in the past for virtuoso performances or maestro conductings, it was never to this extent. Undoubtedly, today will be remembered and talked about for years to come.

As he watched the historical scene in the world of classical music, the anchor added,

[Regarding the wedding of Kang Hyun and Son Yooha, even Samuel Gardner, the eternal crown prince of the United Kingdom, announced his visit to Korea. Although many couples get married, it’s probably the first time the world is so excited about one. Jeil Group has announced that they will continue to hold charity events and donations for the public for the next five years. The public is also welcoming the wedding of Kang Hyun and Son Yooha as a national festival.]

Kang Hyun had already contributed significantly to making South Korea known worldwide. When the love story between Kang Hyun and Son Yooha, which had continued since their childhood, was revealed, many people cheered.

Furthermore, as the couple’s hidden donation records were disclosed, public interest in them grew even more.

Maybe it was thanks to Kang Hyun’s contributions to national prestige. The public’s happiness and congratulations towards the couple were almost comparable to the 2002 World Cup.

[Just now, Barbara Tannenbaum, the CEO of Barbara Group, has arrived. It’s truly amazing. Barbara Tannenbaum, known as a person difficult to meet even for the President of the United States, has come to Korea with minimal security personnel. It’s reported that her entire schedule is to attend the wedding of Kang Hyun and Son Yooha.]

The anchor seemed overwhelmed. As he watched the live broadcast from Incheon Airport, the parade of famous figures was a lineup of global bigwigs rarely seen. Figures typically found in Time magazine were flocking to South Korea.

They all expressed their congratulations to Kang Hyun and Son Yooha to the reporters, demonstrating their close relationships with the couple.

Finally, when Samuel Gardner, the eternal crown prince of the United Kingdom, appeared, the anchor, looking dazed, delivered his commentary.

* * *

Cicada, cicada chirp chirp―!

Under the brilliant sunlight of a summer day,

“I am Kim Daewoo, a friend of the groom Kang Hyun, and I will be hosting today’s ceremony. First, I would like to thank all the guests who have come from far and wide to celebrate the marriage of Kang Hyun and Son Yooha. So many famous people from around the world have gathered that I can’t hide my nervousness as the host. It means that the audience is shining brightly. I would appreciate it if you could give a big round of applause and enthusiastic cheers as the bride and groom enter.”

The wedding began. My friend Kim Daewoo brightened the event as the host. Despite his words, the bear-like guy, with his large build, showcased a stable hosting performance.

Pianist Baek Junghoon performed the congratulatory music, looking at me with such a grateful smile that anyone who didn't know us might think we were blood-related brothers.

It was a day that could be called the greatest day of one’s life. Who wouldn’t be nervous on their wedding day?

When I appeared in my tuxedo, there was an outpouring of enthusiastic cheers.

The expressions filled with emotions weren't different for the numerous maestros. Their faces were full of proud smiles, as if they were sending off a grown-up son to get married.

Friends from the chapel where we spent our days together, including Anna, also came to celebrate my wedding. I was immensely grateful to them.

Of course, the people I was most grateful to were my parents.

‘Mother, Father.’

Seated in the parents' seats on both sides, my parents had tears welling up, unable to hide their emotions.

The grandfathers were no different. Although they usually exhibited strict and absolute charisma at the company, they were now wiping away tears with handkerchiefs, celebrating their grandchildren’s future.

My younger brother, Haneul, named Happiness, was smiling brightly, blessing the day without crying despite the many people present.

“Now, let’s welcome the goddess of today’s wedding and the lifelong companion and eternal love of the groom Kang Hyun, the bride!”

Yooha, wearing a pure white dress, walked towards me holding her father’s hand.

Amidst the loud cheers and applause, all I could see was Yooha.

The dazzling radiance made me wonder if she had wings on her back.

My father-in-law gave me a silent look as he handed over Yooha’s hand.

Please take good care of our daughter.

Don’t worry, Father-in-law.

The overwhelming emotion was incomparable to any concert hall stage.

Holding Yooha’s hand and exchanging glances with her, and as we kissed, she was no longer the Ice Queen. She became my queen, and together, we would walk the path of life.

“Now that we’ve seen the kiss of the century, let’s test their strength, shall we? Let’s see how much the groom loves his bride by giving her a queen’s lift!”

With a playful comment from the host, Kim Daewoo, the guests burst into laughter. The parents and grandfathers, who were tearing up, seemed to approve of Kim Daewoo’s hosting.

“Now, let’s see how grateful our bride and groom are to their parents and family! Groom and bride, please give your parents and grandfathers a big hug!”

I gave a big hug to my parents and grandfathers.

The wedding was filled with happy laughter. The maestros and famous figures from around the world also seemed to enjoy the wedding’s atmosphere, generously giving applause.

“Now, let’s take a picture. Everyone, please come out!”

The number of guests at the wedding was incomparable to any ordinary wedding. The photo session was also grand in scale.

Many guests had already gathered around Yooha and me. The lineup of people attending this wedding was comparable to the leaders of nations, fitting the reputation of a wedding of the century. They were the faces that had made me reflect on my life so far.

“Groom, please express your love for the bride as passionately as you can!”

Yooha, in her white dress, looked up at me with an excited smile.

Why hesitate? I embraced her and kissed her. The warm touch was met with an outpouring of cheers.

The happy laughter of my parents and grandfathers, and the sound of Yooha’s heartbeat, resonated through my entire body more beautifully than any melody.

With the kiss of the bride and groom, the photographer smiled contentedly.

Click―!

Under the brilliant sunlight, receiving her gaze, I thought, my one and only audience for the rest of my life is Son Yooha.

----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

