---
title: Chapter 48
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:48
tags:
---


When sitting in Grandfather's office, Machiavelli's "The Prince" naturally comes to mind.
I'm not trying to talk about the image of a dignified leader. I'm talking about the vassals who want to catch the eye of the ruler even once.
There were honest people, while there were flatterers who used all kinds of flowery words, and even those who reported inflated results that made no sense. Then and now, the company was a jungle.
But who is Grandfather?
He's someone who has experienced not only all kinds of trials on the ground but even aerial battles. Just like Machiavelli's words that a leader must have both the cunning of a fox and the stupidity of a bear, his skills in manipulating others were no joke.
All the elderly executives leave the office with their backs soaked in sweat. As someone who worked as a prosecutor, I thought he'd have fit well into the prosecutor's life as well.
"Hyun, aren't you bored? You want to go to school soon, right? We're looking for an arts school where you can learn the violin well, so wait a little longer."
"No, Grandfather. I like coming to the company more than going to school."
It wasn't a lie. I already knew Dongju inside and out. If you felt a sense of loyalty, would you believe it?
The employees even asked for my autograph when they saw my face reported on the front page of the newspaper. Of course, there were no special events after that, but it was rather good because interest from people always comes with a price.
It was then.
Knock, knock.
Father came into the office holding a report. Although they were son-in-law and father-in-law in private, it didn't apply in the company.
Even though it wasn't his place to directly report, it was clear Grandfather was training Father tightly. Think of it as one-on-one customized education.
"It feels like the report is talking. Where did you learn to do this?"
Father glanced at me.
Ah, I only set the framework, so you can confidently say you did it all yourself!
A satisfied smile spread across Grandfather's face. Naturally, since the essence of report writing was systematically organized and the content was clearly summarized, such a reaction was expected. By the way, where did Father study in the past?
After Father left,
"Hyun, did you suggest this?"
Could it be that Grandfather learned some mind-reading technique! But I really didn't touch the content.
"Yooha, she's already taking care of you, isn't she? If she were a man, she'd be a great general with her determination to get what she wants."
Yooha?
I looked at him, wanting more explanation, but Grandfather just smiled silently. A mysterious energy swept over me. It was reasonable because she was an unpredictable ice kid.
** *
"Oppa—!"
Yes, now she doesn't call me "Orabeoni" anymore. Son Yooha came running to me from beyond the garden. As always, Secretary Kim was sweating and following her.
But why does she stick to me like a cicada, yet she seems to grow taller by the day. Speaking of which,
‘Wasn't she quite popular?’
She wouldn't have been called the Ice Queen for nothing; later, no one could match her beauty in the conglomerate world.
Rumor had it that several conglomerates wanted to date her, but Son Yooha rejected them outright. Most men didn't even have the nerve to speak properly in front of Son Yooha.
"Oppa, oppa. I could have made a hole-in-one, but then the wind suddenly blew, and the ball slightly missed!"
But why is she like this in front of me? It's really strange.
Even now, she was excitedly explaining what happened at the golf course with Grandfather, her cheeks flushed red. She looked so cute, like a rabbit with chubby cheeks.
"Oh my, really?"
"Yes. I could have given you the violin, oppa, but, ugh." What?
It felt like a bucket of cold water was poured over my head.
At that moment.
"Hyun, are you here."
I heard the voice of the old snake.
As before, there was a strange atmosphere in the parlor. Chairman Wang was leisurely sipping tea, and next to him, Yooha's cheeks were still puffed up. I wondered if I felt like a shrimp caught in a whale fight.
"Yooha seems to want to give Hyun a violin. Honestly, it's a useless item for me..."
Then, please give it to me!
But it's not a cheap item, and it was Chairman Wang, so I couldn't just take it without knowing what might happen later.
"Hyun, you know how close your grandfathers are, right?"
How could I not know?
"But I can't just give you the violin for free, so I'll lend it to you for now. To make it completely yours, there's a condition."
A condition?
Chairman Wang gave me a peculiar smile.
"Currently, Dongju's company is valued around the 10th rank among chemical companies."
He's talking about market capitalization. Even though it's hard for a child to understand, Chairman Wang spoke without hesitation, as if saying, "You know, right?"
"If Dongju enters the top 7, I'll fully give you my violin."
It's practically an impossible story.
Dongju can be evaluated as a leader in the chemical industry, but the top ranks are different. Aren't they subsidiaries of Korea's major conglomerates? Even now, the chemical affiliate under Jeil Group was soaring at a frightening speed. However,
"Really, Grandfather?"
No room for other words.
Chairman Wang looked surprised by my expression.
"Do you understand what I mean, Hyun?"
Of course, I understand.
Haven't I already decided to nurture Dongju? I've already made all the calculations.
"Of course."
In fact, it was a matter of time. Within a few years, many companies would start to go bankrupt. If new material development hadn't been achieved, Dongju would have been swept away by that storm as well.
** *
"Awesome."
Kang Sungwook couldn't help but exclaim.
There's a saying that the charm of a broadcast lies in editing and highlighting. From AD to CP, the unified personality brings the charm of the broadcast to life.
So, it was sometimes compared to a chef. Even the same footage could have different tastes and colors depending on whose hands it's in.
Until now, the Queen Elizabeth documentary had been raw.
Without any cooking, it showed the struggles of sensitive musicians in their raw emotions.
But this season was different. Didn't it shake the music world with the historic news of the youngest grand prize winner? Moreover, opening the lid was even more surprising.
It was a feast. Each character in the documentary was so rich that you couldn't take your eyes off it.
The highlight was undoubtedly Kang Hyun, who won the youngest grand prize.
Despite his young age, his charisma captivated the audience, and his fluent, native-like speech and unique vocabulary were almost magical.
In the scene where he made a funny face at Anna, who was trembling with nervousness in the waiting room, there was an unexpected sense of humanism.
Not to mention his performance skills, the energy exuded from him was incredibly captivating.
His appearance was also such that he wouldn't look out of place if cast in a high-teen drama right now.
"Sungwook, what do you think the viewership ratings will be?"
The director's voice came from the other end of the phone. He must have wanted to check the video, but it was impossible unless he flew over on a plane.
"If it flops this time, a simple reprimand won’t suffice. The cost of that one documentary is higher than buying three or four regular ones. There was a lot of talk from the top this time."
"Director, what's our rival program?"
"Animal Kingdom. Do you think we could lose to animals running around in Africa?"
Contrary to the director's anxious voice, his heart was pounding.
"Director, I don't think we should compare it to Animal Kingdom."
"What? You're not saying it flopped, are you!"
You're worrying unnecessarily.
Thump, thump, thump.
Although it wasn't a short time, a deep lingering impression came over him as the documentary ended. It still felt like the boy's voice and melody were lingering in his ears.
The sense of fulfillment was indescribable, akin to the feeling of dining at a famous Michelin restaurant. "Director, how many percent does the weekend evening drama get?"
It seems we need to change our competitor.
** *
Wow—!
I understand why housewives are crazy about dramas. The tearful melodrama, along with the laughter that completely captivates people. When it ends without a preview, it makes you click your tongue.
"I didn't know my son liked dramas this much."
I didn't know either, Mother.
In my past life, I didn't even have time to watch TV comfortably. But to think that classic masterpieces starring former stars would take away my time like this! I feel like I need to redefine the joys and sorrows of life.
Dinner was more lively than ever. The usually quiet mansion was filled with a human touch and liveliness, making the housekeeper's cooking taste even better. Was it just my imagination?
"Kang, soon a businessman from China will come."
"Yes, Father-in-law."
"He's not coming for business; he's coming for other reasons. He has deep ties with our side. Originally, Beomgyeong was in charge, but now that he's gone, you'll take over."
Grandfather must have felt something while staying with Chairman Wang.
Soon, China will open up to foreign capital. This applies not only to semiconductors but also to the chemical industry. While technology that becomes a cash cow is important, so are customs and distribution competition.
In that regard, China is a golden land.
"Kang, Chinese people view everyone from their subjective perspective and treat them differently. They might sell an item for 200 yuan to one person and 150 yuan to another. Confucius once said, 'There are ten suns in the sky, and ten ranks among people.'"
Indeed, there's a reason China is called the land of "guanxi" (connections).
Even in my past life, didn't I often see Chinese tycoons creating their own universities to exchange connections?
Father still seemed to have trouble understanding. Well, he had never faced it directly.
"I'll do my best, Father-in-law."
Grandfather smiled contentedly. He seemed pleased that Father was adapting well to his work life.
"Originally, the secretary's office provided a Chinese interpreter."
Grandfather, who was eating the crab dish Mother made, suddenly made eye contact with me.
"This time, take Hyun with you. He's quite good at English, so there won't be any communication issues."
"Father-in-law?"
"Since it's not a business trip, it's better for building friendships. Moreover, their child is said to be coming too, so there will be less sense of alienation. Hyun is better than most employees majoring in interpretation."
Grandfather's eyes were filled with interest.
"Hyun, can you do it well?"
Of course, Grandfather, leave it to me!
"Kang, do you think you can make that person your own?"
But why did it feel like Grandfather's question was directed at me?