---
title: Chapter 51
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:51
tags:
---



“Are you asking me to recommend a violinist?”

The petals floating in the teacup trembled.

“With your discerning eye, you should be able to make the choice yourself. Why ask an old man like me?”

“Old man? You are the eternal maestro, Gustav.”

“It feels strange to hear that from the lion of the Berlin Philharmonic.”

Yuri, the lion of the Berlin Philharmonic, showed an awkward expression.

“If you are trying to fill the associate principal position, why not pick one of the musicians you have been keeping an eye on? There must be plenty of talented individuals in Berlin.”

“Unfortunately, there is currently no one capable of handling that position.”

The Berlin Philharmonic was considered the world's best orchestra. Matching its reputation, the orchestra boasted members with the highest level of skill. Each of them was praised as a master in their respective countries.

“What about among the rising stars?”

“Maestro, with all due respect, you know that position is not for a fledgling. We are not considering anyone who can’t even hold the bow properly as a member.”

“But what if someone of that caliber exists?”

For a moment, Yuri doubted his ears. However, Gustav's eyes remained unchanged. He sipped his warm Earl Grey tea with a mysterious smile.

“I have searched everywhere from Moscow to Juilliard and the Royal Academy of Music, but I couldn’t find any rising star that meets your standards. Even for just two instruments to form an ensemble, mutual understanding and respect are necessary. Let alone the immense gravity of an orchestra where dozens of instruments come together. I feel like I’m lecturing you, but...”

“It’s fine, go on.”

“Unless Mozart, Jascha Heifetz, or Eugène Ysaÿe come back to life, I don’t think any rising star could handle that kind of pressure.”

Especially for the Berlin Philharmonic.

“You must have heard the rumors about the Queen Elisabeth Competition?”

Ah, could it be that absurd rumor? The story that heated up the classical music world. But Yuri had no interest in it.

It was just a 14-year-old child. Surely, there was skill involved, but it was certainly wrapped in media exaggeration.

“That child is the real deal.”



** *



Gulp―!

His Adam's apple bobbed noticeably.

The prosecution called the 1990s the golden age of fraudsters, but the business world had a different name for it.

‘The Golden Era.’

It was a time when everything was skyrocketing after the turbulent 1980s. Like a horse that had slipped its reins.

When the government announced a policy to build 2 million homes to calm the overheated real estate market, the capital moved to the stock market as if by magic. The stock traders in Yeouido were said to have had noses as high as those on Wall Street.

“Son, how would Hyun know about such things?” Grandfather?

“Haha, I was just joking because I was bored.” Even the old snake?

It was indeed strange for a child to know about a company listed on the domestic market. Moreover, if that child's chosen company was recording daily surges, it wouldn’t be surprising to see it in the media.

It was a pity, but what could be done? This wasn’t a board game where one could give hints.

“After the era of low prices, we’ve entered the era of high costs. The stock prices are recovering and rising daily, but no one knows how long this will last. Moreover, isn’t the current account recording a deficit? It’s fair to say a warning light is on.”

He wasn’t called a giant in the business world for nothing.

‘As expected of Chairman Wang.’

He seemed to see through the future as if it were clear as day.

As the stock conversation came to an end.

“By the way, what are Hyun’s plans for school? Prestigious music schools must be eager to accept him.”

I pretended to know nothing and sipped my orange juice. Son Yooha was dozing off, bored by the ongoing economic talk. It must have been more tedious than a lullaby for a child.

In the meantime, I felt restless. I wanted to join the conversation between Grandfather and Chairman Wang several times.

Should I recommend a foreign company?

“I’d like to send him abroad, but he has to agree.”

“Good, I was worried that Yooha might insist on going with him.”

Whether it was Moscow, Shanghai, Juilliard, or the Royal Academy, I wasn’t pleased. The time I could spend with Grandfather was now more precious than anything else.

“Study abroad?”

It was a word thrown by Son Yooha, who had woken up before I knew it.



** *



“Have you ever tried kimchi?”

Spencer squinted at the absurd question.

“I’ve had it just once.”

He was served it during a previous visit to Korea, but it didn’t suit his taste.

The current interview was the same. With a week left before his visit to Korea, it was customary to be interviewed by a journalist from the host country. If it weren’t for the visit, his prickly personality would have likely declined the interview.

“It’s known that you declined offers from Japan in favor of coming to Korea. Is that true?”

“Yes, it is.”

The interviewer, surprised, took out a notebook.

There were rumors that the Korean classical music scene had lobbied the London Symphony. Otherwise, there was no reason to choose Korea, a barren land for classical music, over Japan, an Asian classical music powerhouse.

“What do you think of Korea as a country?”

“My elder brother fought in the Korean War as a navy officer. I can’t forget the land where my brother’s blood was shed. I consider it a brotherly nation.”

A war veteran!

Upon hearing this for the first time, the interviewer’s pen moved faster. Although the recorder was on, it was better to jot down thoughts in a notebook for easier organization later. Headlines for the article were already forming in his mind.

“Maestro, do you know any Korean musicians?”

“Of course, I know past pianists, and I’ve heard of pianist Baek Jeonghun, who won second place in the Chopin Competition.”

“Do you know about Kang Hyun, the youngest winner of the Queen Elisabeth Competition? I heard you wrote a recommendation letter for him.”

It was a rumor. It was said that Spencer was the one who wrote the recommendation letter for Kang Hyun. The truth was unknown.

But to resolve the doubt, Spencer nodded without hesitation. “Not just know him.”

“Excuse me?”

“The biggest reason for deciding my visit to Korea is the violinist Hyun.”

It wasn’t a lie.

The interviewer visibly gulped in excitement.

“Maestro, if you recruit members in Korea, would you consider bringing violinist Kang Hyun into the orchestra?”

It was a question expecting a lip service. No matter how outstanding Kang Hyun was, he was still just 14 years old.

Moreover, it was the world-renowned London Symphony. It was curious what Chief Conductor Spencer would say. However.

“I already made the offer.”

The interviewer nearly jumped out of his seat. Kang Hyun, who was a hot topic thanks to a documentary, had received such an offer under the radar. What followed was even more unbelievable.

“But he declined.”

“D-did I hear correctly? Are you saying violinist Kang Hyun declined your offer to join the orchestra?”

Spencer nodded briefly.

How could he forget, it was one of the most meaningful days of his life.



** *



“Hyun, have you thought about studying abroad?”

Grandfather had been mentioning studying abroad repeatedly since his visit to Pyeongchang-dong a few days ago. After all, there was no proper music school for learning the violin in Korea.

“Not yet.”

Five years. Grandfather had five years left.

“By the way, Grandfather, you get regular health checkups, right?”

“You rascal, changing the subject. Of course, I get regular checkups. This time too, they said there’s nothing wrong. Thanks to you, Hyun, I’ve had so many good things happening lately that even my blood pressure has stabilized.”

Is there really something like the butterfly effect?

“By the way, Grandfather, what have you been looking at?”

Grandfather was staring intently at some documents at his desk.

“Yooha’s grandfather gave them to me. Do you want to see?”

Grandfather handed me a bundle, apparently reminded of something from his days as a director.

They were the materials Grandfather had requested from Chairman Wang.

It included real estate as well as stocks, a summary of all the trends in Korea.

The bundle looked so grand, like a piece of calligraphy.

‘This part is wrong.’

Oops, I almost started correcting it with a pen without realizing.

It was probably a document prepared by the strategy planning office of the Daeil Group. They handled such tasks even in my previous life.

However, predicting the future and actually knowing it were as different as heaven and earth.

Just as I was about to ponder deeply.

Knock knock.

The secretary noona came in to inform that the executive meeting was ready.

I had no choice but to return the bundle to Grandfather and sit on the sofa. Until the executive meeting ended, it was essentially free time for me. What to do in the meantime?

Then.

“Hyun, would you like to come to the meeting room with me?” What?



** *



“Chairman, isn’t it inappropriate for Hyun to be at this meeting? The other executives might not be pleased either.”

Big Uncle occasionally glared at me.

What was I supposed to do? I didn’t come here because I wanted to. Who would willingly attend a boring executive meeting?

However, the other executives seemed pleased to see me. They were so used to seeing me in Grandfather’s office that it wasn’t awkward. Recently, my face had been appearing frequently in newspapers and on TV. Some even patted my head as if I were their grandchild.

“Executive Director Yoo, just focus on your work.”

With Grandfather’s words, Big Uncle pursed his lips and stepped back.

Every company has its unique meeting culture. But that was something developed later. In the conservative culture of the 90s, it was almost a one-way communication.

From that perspective, Dongju was quite forward-thinking. It was probably because the meeting moderator had an open mind.

“Executive Director Kim, share your opinion.”

Grandfather listened to all the executives’ opinions on a particular issue.

Usually, someone at the chairman level wouldn’t even attend meetings, let alone show up at the end.

But Grandfather still led the meetings. He was indeed a diligent and faithful businessman. No wonder the founding members were still together.

“The next agenda is the new material 'Graphene'.”

Graphene. The carbon material that saved Dongju. It even helped avoid the storm of the financial crisis.

But Grandfather seemed to be deeply concerned. It was probably because the initial development cost was too high.

From my previous life, I knew that Dongju had been astounded by the immense cost.

It was as revolutionary as Chairman Wang’s challenge in the semiconductor field. That’s why foreign capital had their eyes on Dongju.

“Chairman, how about stopping the development of Graphene? Wouldn't it be better to focus more on the circuit materials and photoresists we are currently expanding? New material development seems premature.”

What?

“That's right, Chairman. Like Executive Director Yoo said, focusing more on circuit materials and photoresists would be better. Although the demand for electronic products increases yearly, developing a new material industry in our country seems too ambitious at this time.”

Grandfather furrowed his brows in deep contemplation.

Could the butterfly effect be happening here too?

No, Grandfather. We must proceed! Push forward!

Should I stand up and declare that Graphene is the key to saving Dongju? “Hmm.”


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

