---
title: Chapter 67
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:07
tags:
---


“You've improved, haven't you?”

Tak, the sound of placing a Go stone is cheerful.

“This time, your grandfather won't be defeated easily.”

Black and white stones were capturing each other's large groups, entering the endgame. The only remaining area was the upper right, and Chairman Wang's gaze sharply scanned the Go board.

It seems that this old fox's competitive spirit only grows stronger with time.

Coming to play Go every weekend at the now empty grand mansion in Pyeongchang-dong has already been two years. The old fox and I have become like friends who share everything without reserve.

Of course, looking back on my past life, it was an absurd story.

“Ahem, Yooha seems to have no intention of coming in this time. What a tough girl, what is she in such a hurry for? Last year, she left without even seeing your face, Hyun.”

“It seems studying abroad suits her better than we thought.”

Isn't there a saying that a woman's heart is like a reed? The girl who tearfully shouted at the airport that she would surely come back hasn't shown a trace for two years. I felt somewhat disappointed but thought there must be a reason. That's why I didn't contact her first.

“You should have treated her better when you had the chance.”

Chairman Wang teased me with his white eyebrows. Well, he wasn't wrong. I wondered how the crybaby who used to run towards me shouting “oppa!” had changed. Of course, I still remembered the image of the ice queen who had become an adult.

“By the way, when are you going to take that violin?”

He was talking about the Stradivarius 'Fantasy'. Chairman Wang had promised to give it to me if Dongju Chemical ranked within the top 7 in the chemical industry.

Contrary to Chairman Wang's prediction during a meal that five years would be too short, Dongju succeeded in developing graphene the following spring and proudly ranked 7th. But I still hadn't taken the Fantasy.

“It's more convenient to store it in Pyeongchang-dong.”

“You rascal, do you think this place is a bank vault?”

“That's why I come here every week to pay the vault fee.”

In a way, I left the Fantasy here to have conversations with Chairman Wang every week. The old fox liked my visits too, otherwise, he wouldn't give me such unique homework each time.

“What do you think about Daehan Steel's future?”

Tak, the sound of placing a Go stone accompanied Chairman Wang's question.

“Steel serves as the foundation for all industries. It's the final stage of the materials industry. But I think the market will experience periodic downturns for the next five years.”

“Why do you think so?”

“Because supply exceeds demand. Korea and Japan are exporting steel so cheaply it could be called a clearance sale. Will Europe and the U.S. just watch that dumping happen? It will eventually become a cost battle, essentially tearing each other's skin off. This irrational structure of accumulating bad inventory will continue, and in about five years, the situation will ease up.”

“Why five years?”

Chairman Wang gestured for me to continue.

“China.”

I answered without hesitation.

Though it was just two characters, Chairman Wang immediately understood my words.

Soon, China would actively allow foreign capital and open its market, making it only a matter of time before China becomes the top global trader. Moreover, rapid industrialization would demand a massive amount of steel.

Chairman Wang smiled contentedly at the seamlessly flowing conversation. We've been having such talks every weekend for two years now.

‘But Daehan Steel won't survive the next year.’

I swallowed my words and forced a smile.

“When you play Go, your expression doesn't change, like a stone Buddha, but in economics, you're like a Ph.D. candidate. You're better than most executives in the strategy planning department. How about it? I'll pay you well, so how about working for your grandfather's company?”

“Grandfather, I'm only sixteen years old.”

“Does age matter? Considering your acumen, you could compete with your uncles.”

At that moment, Chairman Wang smiled brightly as he looked down at the Go board. After a fierce and relentless game, the black stones were gaining the upper hand.

“It seems your grandfather has won this time.”

On the surface, it seemed like the black stones were completely gaining territory, but that wasn't the case. Instead of advancing into enemy territory, they were caught in a web. Also, it was a Go lesson, so I couldn't play a mere hospitality game.

“No, grandfather.”

At that moment, my fingers holding the white stone moved towards the Go board without hesitation. Tak―!

** *

Chirp, chirp, chirp―!

In the greenery, the familiar sound of cicadas echoed clearly. It unmistakably signaled the onset of summer.

My short limbs had grown a bit longer over the years. But still, I was no different from a fledgling. Even wearing a school uniform, people often doubted my age.

It was just a pity that I had another year left before my growth spurt would hit.

“We've arrived, Kang Hyun.”

With the help of Mr. Kim, the driver, I arrived at the gallery. It was a place I always visited after school.

The reason was simple. Director Im Hyera had created a workspace for me that could rival any professional recording studio.

Strictly speaking, I had become an artist affiliated with the Im Hyera Gallery. The contract had no toxic clauses. Moreover, it was under the Jeil Foundation. In a way, it was the most powerful agency in the country.

“Oh, Hyun, you're here.”

“Hello, Mi Hyun noona.”

She was the staff member who had helped me previously. The youthful look was gone, and she was beginning to show signs of a career woman. Perhaps due to her first impression, she liked me a lot.

“The artist has been waiting for you. There have been calls from overseas since the morning.”

Where could the call be from this time? Scratching my head, I entered the office to find Director Im Hyera standing up to greet me. I wondered if others knew the multitude of meanings behind her bright smile.

Come to think of it, despite my resolve, I was still working under Director Im Hyera in this life too.

“Hyun, there’s been another call from the U.S. You know why, right? Auntie is curious about what you’ll do.”

“I'm sorry once again.”

Im Hyera nodded as if she had expected it.

Two years ago, songs I composed were included in the debut album of the new band ‘Iris’. The result was no different from my past life. Iris quickly rose to stardom.

However, as the title track and many of the songs I composed gained popularity and ‘La Vie en Rose’ was released, the theme song ‘Rendezvous’ I played and the song ‘Beautiful Life’ I composed continued the baton, my melodies echoed everywhere on the streets.

That's when it began. Bands and record labels started looking for the composer HYUN.

“By the way, is Yooha doing well?”

“Hyun, you seem curious about Yooha. If you're that curious, why don't you take a flight to see her this summer vacation? Yooha would love it. Hmm, has her taste changed now that she's a bit older? Is that why she didn't even see you when she came to Korea?”

Director Im Hyera, like Chairman Wang, narrowed her eyes teasingly at me. These people seemed to enjoy teasing me.

Shaking my head and leaving, I heard her say, “Yooha might be taller than you now, Hyun,” stabbing me in the back. Somehow, it felt like it could be true, making my heart ache.

I walked towards the studio in the annex of the gallery. The studio was well soundproofed and equipped with the latest equipment. I remembered breaking out in a cold sweat while learning the manuals.

But after mastering the use of the synthesizer and other devices, I used them less frequently. After all, my preference was still for the analog style.

The studio was filled with sheet music I had written. But I still had no intention of showing my music to the world. I thought I wasn't ready yet.

In the past, I was confident because I knew nothing, but now, things were different.

In a way, being affiliated with the Im Hyera Gallery was a golden opportunity. Director Im Hyera was not only accommodating to all my needs but also one of the people who understood my nature best.

I smiled as I held the sheet music.

** *

“Hyun, are you ready?”

Grandfather always took me along for rounds. The members were always the same: Chairman Wang, Grandfather, me, and President Son Ilsung. Lately, my father had been joining us too.

My father found Chairman Wang and President Son Ilsung intimidating, but he got used to it after a year.

They say that even people who aren't close can become close when they go to a golf course together. Spending half a day together naturally led to familiarity.

“Kang, your golf skills are improving.”

Chairman Wang licked his dry lips as he watched the trajectory of the flying ball.

It seemed that my father, who started learning golf late, was now better than President Son Ilsung. After only a year of learning, my father finished 18 holes in 80 strokes, which was a significant improvement.

No wonder Grandfather jokingly told my father to take the semi-pro test before it was too late.

“President Son, how is the Tianjin project progressing, and how are the company's finances?”

“Chairman, the liquidity is being managed by Jeil Foundation and Life, so there shouldn't be any issues for a while.”

“Good, keep the oil flowing so it doesn't dry up.”

Even in private, Chairman Wang sometimes referred to President Son Ilsung as president instead of his son, and during those moments, Son Ilsung's face would tense up.

Chairman Wang undoubtedly knew the storm that was approaching. Anyone could see it if they thought about it. In a country where exports were the main industry, the continuous current account deficit was a clear sign.

“Kang, how is the graphene development going?”

“We are continuing to develop it for commercialization, but it's still not an easy stage.”

“Don’t worry and keep at it. The biggest hurdle has already been cleared.”

It was more like a management lesson than a golf round. Moreover, since Chairman Wang personally created Gapyeong CC, which didn't use golf carts for the landscaping, we had to walk and enjoy the rounds, making it feel like a walk through the history of the South Korean economy.

The impending crisis was referred to by some as the American wool-shearing, and others as the problem of dinosaur companies like Jeil Group. Some even blamed the irrational market structure.

“Hyun, what do you think about the current situation of East Asian countries?”

Chairman Wang suddenly looked at me and asked. Grandfather, President Son Ilsung, and even my father all turned their gazes towards me.

I was wondering when this moment would come. Chairman Wang always tested me with such questions.

“They seem unable to adapt to the times.”

A simple answer, but Chairman Wang nodded in satisfaction. President Son Ilsung did the same.

The 3-Lows boom couldn't continue indefinitely, yet Korea and other East Asian countries' policies showed no signs of change. Being bailed out by institutions with significant stakes from major powers was only a matter of time.

Capitalism was a system where the market moved not by values and justice but by money.

Somehow, it didn't feel entirely sweet. As I shook my head and walked on,

“By the way, Kang, why don't you join us for the next banquet?”

Grandfather suggested to my father.

He was referring to the banquet where the three generations of conglomerates gathered, which had been quiet since the gathering two years ago. Grandfather taking my father instead of my uncle to the reopened banquet held significant meaning. But my father didn't seem to realize that meaning.

Just say you'll go, Father!

“Yes, Father-in-law.”

Nice! As I smiled faintly, I felt a sharp gaze.

“Hyun, are you coming too?”

Chairman Wang asked me. Before I could answer,

“Yooha might come this time.”

“Yooha?”

“Do you want to know? If you want to know, let's decide after today's round. How about you buy us some chicken ribs, Hyun?”

“Oh dear, Son, is there nothing else to take but pocket money from a child?”

Chairman Wang squinted at me.

“Do you know how much Hyun's royalties are per year, old man?”

This old fox!

“Instead of that, how about a bet? Like last time. If Hyun can't make a hole-in-one on that hole, I'll buy it. If he does, you buy it.”

I inadvertently got caught in the heated bet between the two grandfathers. Before I knew it, a junior driver was handed to me.

Here goes nothing. Staring at the ball placed by the caddy, I swung it hard,

Whoosh―!

It seemed my skills from my past life hadn't rusted. Given that I inherited my father's golf skills, it was only natural to play well.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

