---
title: Chapter 68
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:08
tags:
---


"First impression of Composer Hyun?"

Sunglasses were placed on the table of the open-air cafe.

"I first met him here two years ago. He welcomed me while mixing Café Allongé with warm milk. Although he was young and had a youthful face, I can never forget his eyes. It was as if he could read a person's innermost thoughts. His eyes were like those of an elderly person."

Producer Paul reminisced about two years ago. He had met many composers in the music industry, but had there ever been a day as intense as that one? Probably never again. Forever.

"It's common for composers and lyricists not to get along, like oil and water. But who could write lyrics for Hyun's melody? We knew the song was already complete. It felt like he could see through all of Iris. Even Matthew, the leader of Iris, said that Mozart lived and breathed in Hyun's soul!"

Two years ago, Composer Hyun quickly identified the chronic issues of the band Iris. The color of the song he composed matched Iris's tendencies perfectly, as if he had been listening to Iris's albums for a long time.

That day, Producer Paul suggested Hyun take on producing, but the response was short and firm.

"He firmly said his role ended there. It was disappointing. We were all captivated by him that day. There were even talks about making the song he composed the title track. Ultimately, we postponed it to preserve the band's identity."

Iris's first album was acclaimed as a masterpiece. Among the songs, the ones composed by Hyun were always selected as the best by fans.

"Buddha said that all flows are unified. I didn't believe it, but seeing Hyun changed my mind. Wasn't he called a genius and caused a stir in the classical world with just a violin? But his musical talent wasn't limited to classical music. It was so broad that it was hard to grasp at a glance."

The numerous notes written on the staff were proof. Paul's memory of him was still vivid.

The boy with a small back looked like a great master.

"Iris is still waiting for Composer Hyun. Many record labels are probably the same. He hasn't reappeared in the world, saying his work is insufficient. It's really ironic. I've never seen such an outstanding composer in my life. It's been two years. Indeed."

Producer Paul picked up his sunglasses again. "How has he changed?"


** *


Whirr—!

A long pen spun on his finger. Whenever he gathered his thoughts, he would lie on the sofa in the studio and spin the pen.

It was a habit he had since his previous life. When he was assigned as a rookie prosecutor, he had to endure murderous overtime. At one point, he wondered if he had married the sofa in the prosecutor's office.

"Whew."

He put down the pen and ran his hands over his face. Was he troubled because inspiration didn't come?

No, the problem was that too much inspiration came. He wanted to compose not only classical and pop songs but also jazz. Fortunately, traditional Korean music hadn't influenced him yet.

He had many things he wanted to do, but his short, frail body was always the problem. Knock, knock.

At that moment, Director Im Hyera entered with a knock.

"Hyun, have you been in the studio all night?"

"Yes, ideas are just pouring out."

Since joining the gallery, he sometimes stayed overnight in the studio on weekends. Initially worried, his parents felt at ease after seeing the studio's facilities.

Moreover, it was under the Daeil Group. It was as comfortable as any hotel room.

"Even so, take it easy. I'm worried about you."

Im Hyera's voice was filled with concern. It was because of the scattered scores in one corner of the studio. She looked like she finally understood why geniuses often die young.

"First, wash up and eat something. How can I face Chairman Yoo if I send you home without feeding you?"

In his previous life, she was his direct superior; in this life, she was like a guardian.

After a quick wash, he enjoyed a brunch with Director Im Hyera.

As expected, it was French-style galette. Even though he didn't believe in past lives, he reconsidered when he saw Director Im Hyera's consistent taste.

As the savory yolk filled his mouth.

"By the way, Hyun. Many people contacted you this morning."

Where could it be this time? The US, France, the UK, many countries came to mind. "But this time, it's a collaboration proposal."

"A collaboration?"

"You know pianist Baek Junghoon, right?"

Of course, the iron-blooded maestro.

"He seems to have returned from studying abroad. He wants to collaborate with you for his comeback concert. Of course, if you don't want to, you don't have to, but he really wants to meet you. Apparently, Mi-hyun felt a bit burdened because he kept asking."

Baek Junghoon was considered the next great pianist. After his collaboration with Hirose, the queen, two years ago, he left for studies abroad, leaving many people disappointed.

However, my sole acquaintance with him was at the wedding hall of Hyunseong Group in Japan. Looking back, he was far from the iron-blooded maestro he is now known as.

I wonder how much he has changed. I was as intrigued as the savory yolk filling my mouth.


** *


"Son, try this one too."

How many hours had it been? I was so busy trying on clothes my mother picked out. Since it was a party where people from conglomerate families gathered, my mother was visibly tense.

She seemed worried that her husband and son might be overshadowed. She might even tell me to wear a tuxedo meant for competitions.

But since it was my mother's word, I tried on everything without missing a single piece. At least I was thankful she didn't make me part my hair 2:8.

When my father and I finally dressed up and stepped into the living room, a familiar unwelcome guest was waiting. I wondered why he hadn't shown up. But he was still the elder of the family, so I had to greet him.

"Hello, uncle."

"Brother, you're here."

My uncle barely acknowledged our greetings and turned his head away.

He looked as angry as a teenager. He wasn't pleased to be left out of the party he had always attended. It was then.

My grandfather came out of his study.

"Father, why did you leave me out? Why are you taking Kang instead of me?"

My uncle raised his voice suddenly. But as soon as my grandfather looked at him, he immediately cowered.

"Beomjin, tell me what you've achieved at Dongju in the past two years."

My uncle's lips moved a few times, but he ended up saying nothing.

I was worried my grandfather might throw something like he did when he broke my younger uncle's forehead. We couldn't have bloodshed before dinner.

"If you had achieved something that would brighten Dongju's future in the past two years, I would have taken you no matter what. But you accomplished nothing at Dongju in the past two years. Who attends the party is not my decision but yours. It won't be different next time. Work hard."

My grandfather gazed at my uncle with a stern look. It was a suffocating sight.

His eyes had seen many battles. I realized that one could kill with their eyes when I looked at my grandfather and Chairman Wang.

"Let's go, Kang."

While my grandfather walked out, my uncle stood there like a petrified statue. I hoped he learned a lot from this incident. One can't live a life full of regrets twice.

How long did we drive?

"We're here, Chairman."

At the words of Mr. Kim, the driver, I looked out the window. It was the grand party at the Silly Hotel, just like two years ago.

My father's face had a tension I hadn't seen before, probably because he realized what this event meant.

I silently held my father's hand tightly. It seemed to ease his tension.

You can do it, father!

"Chairman Yoo, welcome."

As we entered the banquet hall, Chairman Wang and President Son Ilseon, the hosts, greeted us.

I glanced around but didn't see her. At that moment, Chairman Wang and I made eye contact.

"Are you looking for Yooha?"

It wasn't wrong, so I had no reply. It had been two years since I'd seen her, so I was curious. Before I could respond.

"Yooha said she could only stay in Korea for two days, so she wanted to spend today with her mother. Even though she knew Hyun would be at the party, she didn't seem too excited, which surprised this old man. Didn't I tell you before? You should cherish the time you have. Nowadays, kind men like Choi Soojong are popular, right?"

Had he been watching weekend dramas? The old fox seemed to enjoy teasing me.

The members of the third-generation conglomerate families were no different from two years ago. It was possible because the storm hadn't hit yet.

My father seemed surprised by the appearance of the conglomerate figures he had only seen on TV but didn't show it. After meeting Chairman Wang and President Son Ilseon frequently over the past two years, he seemed to have built some resilience.

I could walk with a much lighter heart.

The inner banquet hall,

Led by the manager, we arrived at a place where the third-generation heirs of well-known companies were already forming cliques.

The kids who looked so young two years ago were now holding their shoulders and necks stiffly, acting all grown up. Moreover, I felt their sharp gazes upon me.

Though I was somewhat famous, some of them gave me a dirty look. Before I could finish thinking, "What a jerk," one of them approached me.

"Is your name Kang Hyun? Right?"

You?

The guy had a face full of red pimples. He looked younger than me, yet he spoke rudely. I couldn't just show him my ID. I had to grow up quickly to avoid this unfairness.

"I'm Kim Domi from Daehan Steel. They say you're good at playing the violin? I heard my mother talking about you. If you have time, play the violin here. There are many people watching."

Somehow, the kids who couldn't even approach me because of Son Yooha started to show their true colors.

Thinking that kids from conglomerate families were innocent was a mistake. They were not only smart but also cunning.

I had seen this familiar scene in my previous life. Kids who lost their fear and acted recklessly. And Daehan Steel?

‘Man, that's the first one.’

They were so stiff-necked because they didn't know the storm was coming. Others watched the scene unfold as if it were an entertaining spectacle.

I wanted to slap the guy in front of me, but what could I do? I almost laughed out of disbelief.

Whack—!

With a dull thud, Kim Domi's face lurched forward. His face, already red with pimples, turned even redder and then blue when he saw who had hit him.

"How dare you speak rudely—!"

What caught my eye first was a blue hairpin I had seen before. Her long limbs and the white dress matched her fair skin perfectly.

Her cat-like eyes and long hair showed she had grown more mature.

The ice princess on a white horse had arrived.