---
title: Chapter 71
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:11
tags:
---


“Your favorite scene, you say?”

His eyebrows furrowed. A habit that always emerged when he was deep in thought.

“That’s a difficult question to answer, as the days spent filming 'La Vie en Rose' were like a continuous dream. Let’s rephrase the question. Instead of the scene I liked the most, let’s talk about the scene that remains the most memorable.”



Jean-Pierre continued without hesitation, the scene that was most vividly etched in his memory.

“It was a night filled with countless stars, reminiscent of a Van Gogh painting. A boy, wearing an eye mask, played the violin on top of a hill. Unfortunately, it wasn't a scene from the movie. But that melody encapsulated the essence of 'La Vie en Rose.'”

The melody that flowed under the full moon on that twilight-covered hill still lingered vividly in his ears.

It was such a beautiful scene that everyone on set was left speechless.

How beautiful was it? Even after two years, it still captivated Jean-Pierre, so there's no need to say more.

“It was really unfortunate. If only the 6mm camera used for the making film hadn’t broken, we would still have footage of that moment. I was so depressed for days after finding out that it wasn’t recorded.”



At that moment, the waiter brought the ordered drinks. Jean-Pierre, who was sipping his tea, nodded.

“I’m already thinking about my next project. I plan to make a movie about the life of Paganini. It’s a project I’ve been passionate about since I first entered the film industry. The script is already completed. But there’s no actor yet. Though I do have someone in mind.”

For some reason, Jean-Pierre’s voice became deeply somber.

“Regrettably, he’s Asian. Niccolò Paganini was Italian. But if not him, I can’t imagine anyone else bringing Paganini’s music to life. The moment I saw him, I immediately thought of Paganini. He’s not an actor. He’s a renowned violinist and a composer admired by the world. Who, you ask?”

The cup of café allongé and milk clattered as it was set down.

“HYUN.”



** * **



Boom―!

Thunder roared along with the torrential rain, as if reflecting my complicated emotions.

“Father, what do you mean by that?”

My eldest uncle cautiously asked again. He seemed to not understand. Grandfather had said that it would start with Daehan Steel.

“Daehan Steel is going to collapse.”

“What?”

My eldest uncle raised his voice without realizing it. His disbelief was evident on his face. My younger uncle and aunt were the same.

It was understandable. Who would believe that Daehan Steel would go bankrupt in a week?

People would even joke that the small businesses around Daehan Steel were doing as well as medium-sized companies. The steel industry was known for its abundant financial resources.

“Everyone, be careful with your words and prepare for the upcoming storm. I will give separate instructions on what to do next. In the meantime, do not act rashly. Especially you, Beomkyung, understand?”

“Yes, Father.......”

Grandfather’s voice was firmer than ever.

Everyone, including my younger uncle who had hurt his forehead, was frozen in place like stone statues. It was such a significant matter that it was akin to being told that a war would break out tomorrow.

The situation seemed prosperous, so it sounded like an unbelievable story on the surface. As Grandfather got up, I quickly followed him.

“Grandfather, do you have a moment?”

Grandfather gave a peculiar smile and nodded briefly.

The study was filled with well-thumbed books. The sound of the heavy rain hitting the windows was loud, but I didn’t mind.

Grandfather waited silently for me to speak first.

“Grandfather, why is Daehan Steel going bankrupt now?”

“Hyun, you’re smart. You know the word bankruptcy. Then let me ask you instead, why do you think Daehan Steel is going bankrupt? Since you said ‘now,’ it seems like you know the reason, right?”

Grandfather was as perceptive as an old serpent. If not, there wouldn’t be the current Dongju.

“Because Daehan Steel isn’t really in the steel business.”

It was ironic but true. Daehan Steel was in the steel industry in name only but was essentially an empty shell.

The steel industry requires skilled technicians and accumulated know-how. It’s not a business that can be started on a whim for quick money.

Anyone who has studied the turmoil that hit South Korea at the end of the 20th century would know this fact. Moreover,

“Currently, Daehan Steel is just a facade. It’s not surprising that it could collapse at any moment, but I didn’t expect it to be this soon.”

“A facade, you say? What makes you say that?”

“Debt.”

It was a short word, but I could feel Grandfather’s eyes widen. He didn’t expect to hear such a word from me.

It was simple, but going deeper meant talking about government-controlled financing.

Hadn’t Daehan Steel generated massive debts through relentless lobbying?

Daehan Steel was like a ticking time bomb built on a blank check, but by the time everyone realized it, it was already too late.

“I see why Chairman Son said that. It feels like talking to old friends. Hyun, do you have any idea what will happen next?”

When I nodded, Grandfather was amazed. He couldn’t have imagined that a middle school student like me would have such insights into social and economic matters.

No, if history hadn’t changed, I wouldn’t have even mentioned it to Grandfather.

“Hyun, after the liberation, and even after the war, crises always came with opportunities. Just like how a small rice mill in devastated Seoul became a company encompassing South Korea. Your uncles don’t seem to grasp what’s about to happen in South Korea. But you, Hyun, are different.”

At that moment, Grandfather and I made eye contact.

“Thanks to you, we were able to catch the former executive before. I’m curious about how you will handle the upcoming storm this time.”

“Grandfather, I’m still just a middle school student.”

Both the old sage and Grandfather sometimes treated me like an adult, which was indeed a burden.

For a moment, Grandfather looked at me with a peculiar gaze. It felt as if he could read my mind.

“History repeats itself, Hyun. Where will you stand?”



** * **



For several days, my mind was a tangled mess.

I felt uneasy, so writing notes on the staff line helped ease the tension a bit.

Baek Junghoon was still coming to the studio regularly, but whether it was because of my expression or his focus on the 'Iron Blood' score, he remained silent.

After staring at the sheet music for a while, Baek Junghoon suddenly spoke.

“Hyun, what kind of inspiration do you need to create such a score?”

Iron Blood’s maestro, I got the inspiration thinking about you and wrote it down.

“Hyung, aren’t you preparing for your solo concert?”

“I’m doing it here.”

He was becoming more and more sly. Sometimes, he would play the repertoire for his solo concert in front of me and then ask if there were any parts that needed fixing.

Who would have thought that Iron Blood’s maestro would ask me such a question? Especially when it wasn’t even a violin but a piano.

Knock, knock.

At that moment, Mi-hyun noona came in with a knock. “Hyun, there’s a call from France.” “From France?”

Not from the U.S. or Japan, but from France?

“It’s Director Jean-Pierre. He said he worked with you before. He wants to work with you on music again. It seems to be a movie about the life of the violinist Paganini.”

Come to think of it, Jean-Pierre once mentioned he was thinking of making a movie about Niccolò Paganini. But I felt a prickling sensation on the back of my head; it seemed like Baek Junghoon was staring at me.

“When do I need to give an answer?”

“Not right away, but he asked you to contact him anytime. He said he wouldn’t start the project if you’re not on board.”

“Really?”

It sounded like a joke, but considering Jean-Pierre’s stubborn nature, it didn’t sound entirely untrue.

By the way, Director Im Hyera hadn’t been seen for a few days. If Daehan Steel were to go bankrupt soon, as Grandfather said, she would undoubtedly be busy.



** * **



Grandfather’s words turned out to be true.

‘An empty shell, Daehan Steel bankrupt―!’

The news was so big that it made the headlines of the 9 o’clock news.

The steel industry was considered the backbone of the country. The area where Daehan Steel was located was in chaos, and even the South Korean economy was starting to wobble.

Both Grandfather and Father were watching the news with tense expressions.

‘The list hasn’t been exposed yet.’

Daehan Steel had massive financial debts, made possible by Chairman Kim Dae-sik of Daehan Group's lobbying list.

The names of many officials were on it, later known as the Kim Dae-sik List, causing a huge scandal. It was the epitome of corruption.

The news was only showing the tip of the iceberg.

At that moment,

“Hey, you brat, get in here!”

With a shout from the entrance, my eldest uncle appeared.

The housekeeper was startled and trembling. It was because my eldest uncle was dragging someone with him.

The person’s face was swollen and bruised, eyes already resembling a panda’s. It was my younger uncle.

Grandfather got up and glared at both uncles, his gaze sharp enough to kill.

“Father, I’m sorry―!”

My eldest uncle knelt and pleaded. My younger uncle, sprawled beside him, couldn’t even look Grandfather in the eye out of fear.

“Beomkyung, this brat took money.”

Money?

Grandfather signaled with his head, and my younger uncle finally came to his senses and quickly knelt. His words came out muffled, as if his lips were swollen.

“Da, Daehan offered a lot of money if I handed over some documents related to new materials, so I unknowingly.......”

I was speechless. No wonder my younger uncle had been quiet lately. Since Grandfather banned him from entering the company, he had no source of money.

But to think he would sell new materials, especially to the notorious Daehan Group.

“That’s not all, Father. Yoo Beom-kyung! Tell him everything, you brat!”

My eldest uncle was visibly furious. He looked like he was ready to kill my younger uncle.

My younger uncle, trembling like a wet rat, began to speak again, this time lying flat on the floor.

“I, I also embezzled funds from the company.”

Embezzlement?

Father hurriedly ran over to hold Grandfather back. It looked like Grandfather might grab a golf club and beat my younger uncle.

My younger uncle was trembling like a leaf. How could this happen?

‘This is going in a different direction!’

Maybe in my previous life, my younger uncle wasn’t dismissed, so this didn’t happen. History was changing. Moreover, it was heading in a way that threatened Dongju.

If that happened, it would be a huge problem.

As I watched my younger uncle weeping and trembling,

-History repeats itself, Hyun. Where will you stand?


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

