---
title: Chapter 89
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:29
tags:
---


Huh?
Son Yooha opened the cabinet and showed a bewildered expression at the contents that spilled out. It was because there were a lot of letters and chocolates.

Confession letters were something she always received, and the chocolates were probably placed there as exam periods approached. While the effort was appreciated, the sheer quantity was the problem. Handling them every time was quite a hassle. "Yooha—!"

At that moment, a black girl hurriedly came to find Son Yooha.

"What? When did you receive all these again?"

The black girl shook her head upon seeing the state of the cabinet. It seemed her friend’s popularity was skyrocketing every day. It was common for students from other schools to come and confess to Son Yooha.

But that wasn't the important thing right now.

“How did it go?”

Her clear eyes were full of curiosity. It was understandable since exams were right around the corner, and she had been away in Korea for a week.

She had said it was to see a special performance. But that wasn’t the whole story. Surely, she had met someone she liked.

Just by looking at Son Yooha's excited face, it was clear. "Did you go to the amusement park together?"

“Yes, we did.”

“Knew it—!”

The black girl clenched her fists. Hadn’t she passed on her foolproof dating strategy?

Go to an amusement park with the person you like. Go on dangerous attractions one by one to make the other person's heart race. Psychologically, the faster the heart beats, the more attractive the woman next to them feels.

The confession must have succeeded in one go. It was the obvious outcome. After all, she was the queen of the prestigious Phillips, Son Yooha.

“Did you finally start dating?”

“No.”

“What?”

Did she miss the timing to confess? It didn’t make sense. Yet Son Yooha's face was full of happy blush. She was clutching her wallet tightly as if something important was inside.

On the other hand, she was curious. Who on earth could have captivated the ice rose, Son Yooha? Surely, he must have more distinct features than Top Gun’s Tom Cruise and longer legs than model Kaya.

* * *

He was a small boy. But what was this sense of intimidation?

Gulp—

Alessandro's throat moved heavily. The moment the first string broke, the youngest member of the props team stood up to bring another violin.

But Jean-Pierre raised his hand to stop him. Alessandro understood why. Clearly.

‘He broke it on purpose.’

Alessandro, who had learned the violin, could clearly see it. The way he pressed the bow so hard that the string broke.

But even if the string was worn out, it wasn’t an easy task. Especially the E string, which is thin but made of metal. It wouldn’t break that easily even with moisture. Clearly, it wasn’t his first time doing this.

Then it happened.

Zing—!

Once again, a sharp high note reached the ceiling. This time it was the A string. The bow cut the string like a sharp blade. At the sound that rang out, even actress Martina put down her script and directed her gaze.

In that moment, another string broke. Starting from the E string, following the order of high notes, the strings were breaking one by one. As if to show off.

Alessandro felt sweat forming on his hands without realizing it.

* * *

Suddenly, the story of Bóyá Zhíxián came to mind.

Just as Bóyá broke the strings of his guqin when Zhíqí died, the broken strings were fluttering helplessly.

There was no regret since the strings were so worn out that they couldn’t produce the proper sound in the first place.

Bóyá broke all the strings saying there was no one to understand his music, while I, on the other hand, did it to convince everyone, so the reason was different.

Finally, the moment the sharp tip of the bow touched the last remaining string, it was as if it was stirring up my insides.

...

Everyone widened their eyes at the rich melody that was different from before.

The reason Johann Sebastian Bach and August Wilhelmj chose the G string for the Air on the G String was no different from mine. Because of its rich tone and the captivating glissando that could steal the eyes and ears of the audience.

The bow was fiercely moving on the string. If I let my strength go even a little, the bridge and the bow would both snap due to the tension.

The string, the queen's portamento.

Baek Jung-hoon once asked me. If there was a piece I composed with Hirose-sensei in mind.

Of course, at that time, the piece was incomplete, but after several days and nights of hard work, I managed to place a fermata on the double-stopped string.

A piece inspired by the queen of strings who played the Air on the G String.

It had to be played with one string, but it had to feel like four strings were moving alive.

I could see the audience with their mouths agape. Naturally, at times the sorrowful melody pierced through their ears, and at others, it boasted a splendid melody.

It was hard to believe that the various melodies were coming from the lowest-pitched G string.

Although it was one string, my fingers moved faster than ever.

Starting with the vibrato that almost dulled my fingertips, the bow relentlessly moved on the string like crashing waves.

The audience held their breath again at the sorrowful melody that followed the elegant tone.

It was a concert hall that revived the Romantic era. The tone of the piece also expressed the Romantic era.

Although I felt my arm trembling faintly, I couldn’t stop. The old violin was shouting a joyful aria with its shining string.

It was a continuous melody of beauty but untouchable, like a noble red rose. It was a score composed while thinking of the queen of strings in her fluttering red dress.

The audience was already focused on the last remaining string. A soft light shone on the single remaining string. For the old practice violin, it was an incomparable joy.

Now, it was time to head towards the finale.

The bow began to cross the string like a sharp blade.

The old violin was shouting as if decorating the final finale. The driving melody, along with thick sweat drops, was solemn and fierce.

Even the actors who had lost interest were now full-fledged audiences, clenching their hands tightly. But even the most enchanting performance must come to an end.

As the low tone that had been lying down soared like an active volcano,

Zing—!

With a clear high note, the last string broke.

* * *

“Director, who on earth is that kid?”

Actress Martina asked, trying to calm her surprised heart. At first, she thought the director was being stubborn.

It was understandable since the violinist who appeared on the set was unmistakably a kid. Even when he confidently drew attention on stage, she thought he was just a brave child for his age.

But the moment he started playing the violin, the atmosphere around changed completely.

“It felt like my heart was pounding!”

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that Martina had experienced everything in Hollywood. Who would believe that she trembled as much as when she first stood in front of the camera during her rookie days?

Every time the strings of the old violin broke one by one, her heart started to react, and when he performed the aria with a single string, it felt as if time had stopped.

The moment when the legend of Niccolò Paganini, which she thought was an exaggeration, rang in her head.

‘Impressive.’

Jean-Pierre admired the changed scenery of the set inwardly. Just a day ago, there was full of distrust in hiring the young violinist. Even the investors had advised against Jean-Pierre’s decision.

Of course, unlike La Vie en Rose, the shooting cost was substantial, requiring location shoots alternating between Germany and Italy.

‘Steal the eyes and ears of the audience with a single performance.’

Niccolò Paganini was said to have enchanted the religious figures who called him the devil with just one performance. It felt like the legendary story was being reenacted before his eyes.

“Alessandro, what did you think?”

Alessandro was silently looking at his hands. No matter how much he recalled the performance, he knew he couldn’t match it with his broken fingers.

The outcome of the bet was obvious without saying. Martina, who had no interest in classical music, was urging her manager to get the video of the young violinist’s performance.

“I underestimated him, Director.”

“No, everyone thought the same as you until they saw his performance.”

It was arrogance and conceit. The shortcoming was not with the young violinist but with himself.

Hadn’t he vowed to create the appearance of the great Paganini? But could he even imitate his performance? There wasn’t even time to salvage his pride.

Alessandro stood up suddenly.

“Director, where did the violinist go?”

* * *

“Hyun, isn’t this spaghetti delicious?”

It was an evening at a restaurant located in a Roman alley.

Starting with Fettuccine Alfredo, which had cheese sprinkled on noodle-like pasta, to lasagna and Neapolitan pizza, it was a grand feast.

Just because they were rich didn’t mean they always dined at fancy restaurants with healthy meals. Especially when Director Im Hyera enjoyed instant noodles. Although her outward appearance was luxurious, she was just like any other person inside.

“You must have lasagna when you come to Italy. This is a restaurant I discovered when I was traveling during my maiden days, and even twenty years later, the taste is the same. I used to come here often with Ilseon back then.”

I almost spat out my spaghetti. There wouldn’t be many who would call President Son Ilseon so affectionately.

Seeing Director Im Hyera’s excited face, it seemed like she was on a trip, not on a business trip as a guardian.

“By the way, you really made a strong impression earlier.”

“I just played for the hardworking actors and staff.”

“I never imagined you would suddenly go up on stage. And to break the violin strings and play, really. Now I understand why Jean-Pierre wanted you so badly. Don’t be modest, you need that kind of courage.”

Director Im Hyera must have noticed the strange atmosphere on set. But she wouldn’t have known I would break through the mood that way. The look in Alessandro's eyes as he stared at me blankly until we left the set was still vivid in my memory.

“Where to, ma’am?”

“If we’re in Rome, we have to visit Piazza del Popolo, right?”

After the meal, naturally, we headed towards the northern gate of Rome.

Although Rome was known as the eternal city and a famous tourist destination, I wondered if she was too excited. At this rate, she might even throw a coin at the Trevi Fountain where Goethe stayed.

“Ma’am, can I just go to the hotel and rest?”

“Hyun, don’t call me ma’am. Yooha will scold me if she finds out.”

Director Im Hyera smiled as if she found it amusing. But my hands were slightly sore.

It must have been because of the performance on set. The tension and friction from the tight strings and bow.

“The last stop of today’s schedule is an auction house.”

“Auction house?”

“Yes, don’t you want to come? It will be an interesting experience.”

She must be referring to an art auction. A place I had visited a few times in my past life.

Usually, in Europe, they are held in the morning, but it seemed to start in the evening this time in Italy. Moreover, without an invitation, one couldn’t easily attend.

But I wasn’t really interested. What good would it do to see contemporary art worth billions of won?

Was she suggesting I buy them in advance to resell them later? No, thanks. If I were to make money that way, I’d invest in stocks first. Then she said,

“I heard a Guarneri is up for auction this time.”


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

