---
title: Chapter 92
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:32
tags:
---


“Did Paganini play the piano?”

Of course, it was not uncommon for children learning music to study the violin, piano, and even the cello together. For aristocrats, they would increase the number of instruments for social purposes rather than decrease them. Especially for a musician's family. However...

“He was as skillful as Calvin?”

It was an unbelievable story. Who was Calvin? He was one of Czerny's favorite students and known as Liszt's rival pianist at one time. However, he suffered from tendonitis and had to give up the piano. His skills were so exceptional that it was said the European social circles mourned the day Calvin stopped playing the piano. Liszt himself once said that the unparalleled genius was not him, but Calvin.

“It’s hard to believe, Maestro.”

“Calvin himself said this: If Paganini had played the piano instead of the violin, there would have been rumors that he sold his soul to the devil. Some say that Calvin stopped playing the piano not because of tendonitis, but because he saw Paganini’s performance.” Liszt fell into despair after seeing Paganini’s violin performance. He famously resolved to become the Paganini of the piano, believing he could never match Paganini's performance even if he were reborn.

But what if Paganini had played the piano instead of the violin? How would it have appeared to them?

“Maestro, with all due respect, there is no historical record of Niccolò Paganini playing the piano, except for a brief period in his childhood.”

“I am aware, director. This is also a story I heard from my dear teacher when I was young. While everyone said that Paganini’s violin techniques surpassed Pietro Locatelli, Calvin thought differently. He believed the violin was just one of the best-suited instruments for Paganini. No comparison could stand next to the name Paganini.”

It is too detailed to be dismissed as mere fantasy.

“After giving up the piano, Calvin dedicated himself to teaching future generations. He had only one student, the Russian maestro Vasily, who was more famous as a composer than as a performer. Incidentally, the musician I sought after being rejected by Professor Auer was also named Vasily.” Suddenly, Jean-Pierre felt like a bucket of cold water had been poured on his head.

“Calvin reportedly told his student, ‘Niccolò Paganini was blessed by the god of music, not the devil. He was not only proficient in the violin and piano.’” Gustav then gave a peculiar smile. “But in all instruments.”

---

Movie sets involve numerous staff members. Like Adam Smith’s invisible hand, the unseen efforts of countless individuals behind the camera culminate in the finished film. In my past life, I had visited a movie set. I was the one who solved the scandal where directors in the film industry were caught using methamphetamine.

"Again!"

Jean-Pierre furrowed his brows. He seemed dissatisfied with the angle captured by the camera or perhaps with the actors’ performances. It was impossible to count how many takes they had already done. The new actor's face was turning pale as if he hadn’t eaten. The staff members' expressions were also growing tense.

“It seems difficult to capture the scene where the character has to play the piano while under the influence of hallucinogens,” Alessandro remarked. The scene was meant to show a glimpse of the European social circles, with a character playing an instrument while high on drugs and indulging in debauchery, a challenging act for a new actor. 

Moreover, the scene was clearly different from what I had seen in my previous life of Paganini.

“Mr. Alessandro, how would you act it out?”

“This scene is not something even I could easily advise on. The actor must discover it for themselves.”

Alessandro shook his head with a regretful expression. Even a renowned Hollywood actor licked his dry lips, so how much more difficult must it be for a new actor?

“Let’s take a short break. Ms. Rose, please come and have a word with me.”

In the end, it was Jean-Pierre who raised the white flag. Filming a movie was no easy task. They had already spent several hours on a single scene. However, none of the other actors complained because this was a common occurrence on set.

“Noona, do you have a moment?”

It was the new actor who had just finished talking with Jean-Pierre. She was biting her lip hard, trying to hold back her tears. Her face was flushed with self-blame and anger. Initially, I had no intention of helping, but what could I do? If things continued this way, they would be stuck on this scene all day.

“Don’t think too deeply about the hallucinogen. Use your fingers more rigidly. Just because you’re playing under the influence doesn’t mean you should be all floppy. Instead, focus and play madly, as if thunder is striking the keys. The drug-induced state can be expressed through half-dressed clothes and unfocused pupils. Oh, and don’t touch up your makeup. The half-worn look suits you better.”

I vividly remembered the scene of Paganini from my past life. Even though she was a new actress with a brief appearance, her acting skills were so impressive that it became a hot topic.

Surely, this single cut could...

“This scene might change your career, noona.”

She would later become an actress who graced the Oscars.

*Thud, thud, thud*

Indeed, it was just one piece of advice, but the promising talent understood my words perfectly. The sound of thunder striking the keys and the actress's performance created an ensemble that brought a bright smile to Jean-Pierre’s face.

Then it happened.

“How did you do that, violinist Hyun?”

Alessandro approached me and subtly asked. I feigned ignorance and showed a confused expression.

“I saw you giving advice to Rose earlier. I couldn’t hear what you said, but I saw her eyes widen. Look at Director Jean-Pierre’s face. This is the first time he’s smiled so brightly during the entire shoot. What kind of magic did you use to change her acting so dramatically?”

Before I could answer...

“Could it be that you have an eye for acting as well as you do for violin posture?” Alessandro continued to misunderstand.

---

“An invitation?”

It was an invitation to dinner from the eternal maestro, Gustav. Starting with Director Jean-Pierre, Alessandro, Martina, myself, and Director Im Hyera, everyone received an invitation with their names on it. The invitation was sealed with red wax, much like those from the medieval era, and written in elegant handwriting.

It clearly reflected Gustav’s character.

“Hyun-ah, does this dress look okay?”

Director Im Hyera was already busy worrying about the dress code. It was clear she was here for a vacation rather than as a guardian.

“Hyun-ah, try this on and show me.”

I felt like I had gone back to my childhood. Director Im Hyera kept bringing me outfits to try on, and I had lost count of how many suits I had changed into. It seemed so unnecessary, but her serious expression made it feel like we were going to an awards ceremony.

“We’ve arrived.”

Seeing Gustav’s mansion through the car window, I couldn’t help but be amazed. As expected of the eternal maestro, whose mansion was the envy of violinists worldwide. It was grander than any hotel, reminiscent of Poland’s Moszna Castle. Even Director Im Hyera let out a shallow exclamation at the magnificent sight.

“Huh?”

I couldn’t help but exclaim when I saw Alessandro’s suit. He looked exactly like me. The brand and even the color of the handkerchief were the same, clearly tailored from the same place. However, the size difference was obvious. It looked like a young father and son.

At that moment...

“It seems the two Paganinis are in sync.”

Actress Martina covered her mouth and laughed heartily. I wanted to shout that this suit was Director Im Hyera’s taste, not mine, but I held back.

The butler led us to a dining hall that evoked the opulence of the medieval era.

“There’s not much prepared, but please enjoy.”

Gustav, in a wheelchair, greeted us. Despite his words, the table was lavishly set with a feast. The variety of dishes was so overwhelming that it was hard to decide where to start.

As for the wine, it was the Grand Emitamire, a top-tier Austrian wine. Among sommeliers, it was known as the water droplets of the gods, comparable to Romanée-Conti.

*Pouring sound*

However, what the butler poured for me was grape juice, not wine. Who would understand this yearning heart? I consoled myself with the grape juice.

“My father is from Austria. So today, I’ve prepared Viennese home-style cuisine. The chef has been responsible for my taste for a long time, and I can assure you that his cooking skills are second to none, even compared to hotel chefs. He’s an irreplaceable friend to me. Although he always nags me to quit wine.”

With Gustav’s joke, the dinner began.

Just as Gustav said, the food was delicious, surpassing even Michelin-starred chefs. Even Director Im Hyera, who had a gourmet palate, looked visibly happy.

At that moment, Gustav, smiling like a kind grandfather, looked at me.

“Does the young maestro find the food to his taste?”

“It’s an honor to be invited, Maestro. Especially this special sauce with the Tafelspitz is amazing. My tongue is still in awe.”

Tafelspitz is an Austrian traditional dish made by boiling rump beef with root vegetables and serving it with roasted potatoes. Although I had eaten it a few times in my past life, this was the first time I had tasted Tafelspitz with such a special sauce.

“You know about Austria’s representative dish? It seems the young maestro has experienced Tafelspitz before?”

“I once had it at a restaurant serving Austrian cuisine in Russia. The memory is still vivid.”

My quick thinking seemed to be getting better. By the time the sweat on my back dried, dinner was over.

The beautiful teacups for dessert each had a flower petal floating in them.

“This villa in Italy was a building I painstakingly constructed. It was designed in the 17th-century Baroque style so that the sound of instruments would resonate deeply and richly even indoors. But alas, by the time the villa was completed, my shoulder troubled me. I could no longer play the violin.”

It was a tragic story. But the passage of time was inevitable.

At that moment, Gustav turned his head slightly toward me.

“Young maestro, would you be so kind as to perform for us here?”

It was a sudden request, but how could I refuse? Especially after being invited to such a grand feast. I readily accepted and stood up. However, I hadn’t brought my violin.

“No need to worry, there are plenty of instruments in my villa.”

As soon as he finished speaking, several instrument cases were brought out. Not only violins but also many unique instruments. It felt like looking at a string instrument museum.

As mentioned earlier, it truly lived up to the name of the eternal maestro Gustav’s villa.

“Maestro, may I use this instrument?”

“You have a good eye. ‘Lyra’ is a good choice, as it is an ancient stringed instrument similar to the violin. It’s well-maintained and still produces sound. For a musician, there’s nothing more blessed than the ability to play all instruments.”

As the name suggested, it was a very old instrument. Such an instrument could only be played here, so I couldn’t miss the opportunity.

Gustav watched me with a peculiar smile.


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

