---
title: Chapter 94
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:34
tags:
---


Didn't a French poet once say that the dawn in Venice is a jewel that cannot be exchanged for anything? When a single beam of reddish light pierces through the twilight and warms the surface, it naturally mesmerizes the eyes. The spire of the Salute Church shines, and it feels like the aria of a gondolier is touching your ears. Sitting by the wide windowsill and gazing at the scene makes you want to pick up a violin. Surely, Paganini, who visited the city of water hundreds of years ago, felt the same way.

"Hyun, time for breakfast."

Although they could have used the hotel, Im Hyera, the chairwoman, insisted on renting a villa. The villa, touching the canal like a noble's retreat, was full of classic charm. As I went down to the first floor with a towel around my neck, a savory smell tickled my nose. Im Hyera's secretary was already bustling around. One might wonder why someone so highly educated would do such things, but it was because they had an unfortunate boss.

"What is all this?"

"Oh, Minhee is going to eat with us too, so I made plenty. Hyun, you're going to be out in the field starting today, and how can I send you off with just bread at your growing age? I tried to show off my skills a bit. Believe it or not, I almost went abroad to study cooking instead of art back in the day."

It was a spread of Korean dishes starting with kimchi stew. With a lavish array that could rival a traditional Jeolla province meal, anyone would think they were at a Korean restaurant. At that moment, Im Hyera smiled triumphantly and said, "They say a mother-in-law's love is for her son-in-law." I pretended not to hear and sat down. I was already craving Korean food, and thanks to the chairwoman, I could eat Korean food in a foreign country. With such culinary skills, her story about studying cooking abroad wasn't a lie.

As I was nearly finishing my bowl of rice,

"Hyun, do you remember the girl who played the piano at the mask festival?"

"Well, it was so crowded that I don't remember well."

"That girl played so well that a professor from the Verdi Music Academy, who was at the cathedral that day, went to find her."

I almost choked on my water.

"And then?"

"Well, she said she didn't actually play. It turns out someone else, wearing her mask and a black cape, played on her behalf because she was too nervous. She couldn't remember the face due to the confusion. Who could that pianist who played La Campanella be?"

It was a relief. I had acted impulsively, so they wouldn't find me since she couldn't remember the face. At that moment, Im Hyera looked at me with a peculiar gaze. "Hyun, it was you, wasn't it?"

A thick drop of sweat ran down my back.

---

Venice, in Latin, means "come ceaselessly." As the etymology suggests, the city of water is always overflowing with tourists, and today was no different. The filming site was packed with people. If it were an outdoor shoot instead of an indoor one, it would have been problematic. Especially young female students were standing in line, likely because of Hollywood's handsome actor, Alessandro.

"Alessandro, after the shoot, you should take some photos with the girls waiting outside. The assistant director said they've been waiting since morning."

It was actress Martina. She seemed a bit envious of Alessandro. Having fans who adore you is a great comfort to actors, just like musicians need an audience.

"Alessandro, how much have you practiced the violin?"

I was surprised to see Alessandro's fingertips. In just a few days, they were covered with calluses, and the grip of his right hand, which held the bow, was the same. He must have practiced day and night.

Seeing my reaction, Alessandro grinned cheekily and touched his nose.

"Normally, I would have read the script over and over, but since I'm playing Paganini, I had to practice the violin just as much. Especially with such an outstanding teacher, I couldn't slack off."

"Then, show me your posture."

It felt awkward to musically evaluate someone, but if not for his chronic illness, Alessandro would have been a renowned musician like Baek Junghoon. He was visibly trying to master the posture I had taught him as quickly as possible.

"The piece you will play in this shoot is Paganini's Violin Concerto No. 1."

I could see Alessandro's Adam's apple move. As someone who majored in violin, he knew how significant it was to perform with an orchestra, especially with Paganini's Violin Concerto No. 1, known as the pinnacle of his legacy. The concerto is a dazzling display of technique, featuring continuous arpeggios, spiccato, and double stops, truly the peak of virtuosity. No wonder Belgian violinist Henri Vieuxtemps became an ardent admirer of Paganini after just one performance.

"Since you'll be wearing a mask, it will feel different from usual. If I were Paganini, I would ignore the conductor's cues. Just enter as your heart leads. The confusion of the conductor and concertmaster will add to the charm. Paganini's performance was the beginning of a legend."

Niccolò Paganini's appearance was a paradigm shift in the music world that had lasted for centuries. His arrival brought cheers from countless audiences and despair to many musicians.

At that moment,

"Wow―!"

Through the slightly open door, I heard the cheers of the girls. Was it just my imagination, or did Alessandro grip the violin tighter and put on a serious face?

Ziiing.

It was the performance of Paganini at the masquerade ball. The sight of Alessandro bowing so intensely that the red feathers seemed to scatter was awe-inspiring.

'Amazing.'

His determination surpassed even mine in my previous life, where I was called a fanatic. Surely, Alessandro still harbored a deep love for the violin. Seeing him drenched in sweat, I stood up. It was my turn to perform.

"Hyun―!"

Just as I was about to leave after finishing all the filming, the girls who had been waiting outside the set called my name in unison. Alessandro, who was about to take photos with them, looked at me in bewilderment.

"Are they calling me?"

I was just as bewildered. The girls nodded collectively and ran toward me.

"We are undergraduates from the Verdi Music Academy. We came to take a photo since we heard Violinist Hyun was coming to Venice. We've been ardent fans since Brussels. We even brought the 'Beautiful Life' album! Can we get your autograph?"

Who would have thought I had fans waiting for me in a foreign country? I had hardly been active as a violinist lately. My face flushed, and my lips felt parched. At that moment, Alessandro gently nudged my back.

"Hyun, taking photos with fans is a memorable moment." Alessandro, already posing like a photographer with a film camera.

---

"Do you really not remember?"

It was a voice full of earnestness.

"I really don't."

"No, Serena. Take your time and think about it. You might suddenly remember the face."

When the girl finally shook her head, the old professor raised his hands and rubbed his face. The regret was evident in his wrinkled eyes. The La Campanella he heard at San Marco Cathedral that day had rekindled his old heart. The delicate and dramatic performance was enough to make one doubt their eyes and ears.

'Virtuoso.'

It wasn't a conventional performance. It was as if they had decided to emulate Liszt, playing with variations rather than precise tempo. Especially the subtle emotions conveyed from the fingertips felt like tears would fall at any moment.

"Serena, tell me about the situation that day."

"He appeared like magic when I was crying."

"Sigh."

The old professor sighed lightly. Judging by the build, it wasn't an adult. Yet, to have played Liszt's La Campanella perfectly in front of such a large audience with confidence and charisma meant they were no ordinary person. The sight of the noisy crowd becoming a single audience was like a scene from a movie.

"Was it a girl?"

Given the skill and boldness, it was more fitting to think of a female pianist than a boy. But the girl firmly shook her head.

"Serena, take your time and think again. Is there anything else you remember about the person with the red-feathered mask that day?"

The old professor wanted to meet the pianist once more. They had reignited the dried-up passion in his heart as a pianist. At that moment, the girl, who had been furrowing her brow, suddenly lifted her head.

"Ah, right."

"Yes! What do you remember?"

The man wearing the red-feathered mask and playing the piano. The fluttering black cape felt like the black keys of the piano, and his faintly smiling lips shone like the white keys. What memory did La Campanella leave in the girl's mind that day?

"It was really deep and clear."

His eyes.

---

"An invitation from the Mayor of Venice?"

Indeed, it was a movie depicting the biography of the renowned Italian musician Niccolò Paganini. Moreover, it was being filmed in Venice. Today's shoot would undoubtedly enhance Venice's reputation as a tourist destination. Thanks to that, we received an invitation to a banquet hosted by the mayor.

'They probably just need Alessandro and Martina.'

Politicians worldwide loved taking photos. Moreover, Alessandro and Martina were famous Hollywood actors. I felt like a mere extra, but it didn't matter. I would have preferred a bustling crowd. It would give me a chance to sneak a glass of champagne.

"Nice to meet you. I am Salvatore Casani, the Mayor of Venice. It's an honor to have the Paganini film crew at the banquet. Venice has always generously shared its water with distinguished guests. This time, it's not water but drinks and food. I hope you enjoy the banquet I've prepared."

In the past, Venice was known as the city of water but had difficulty obtaining drinking water. They even purified rainwater for use, making drinking water precious. Sharing purified water was a significant gesture.

At that moment,

Huh?

My eyes met those of the girl standing next to the mayor.

"By the way, this is my daughter, Serena. Serena, greet the director and actors."

The girl bowed her head with a surprised look and kept glancing at me. She seemed unsure.

I subtly turned my head as if nothing had happened. It was obvious that revealing I was the one who played the piano at San Marco Cathedral would be troublesome.

"Serena, it seems you've made a mistake. That person is a violinist."

I could clearly hear the girl talking to an elderly gentleman. The old man, a professor at the Verdi Music Academy, recognized my face and shook his head sadly.

"She must have mistaken Violinist Hyun for the man she saw that day because they are of similar height. It is difficult to become such an outstanding musician focusing on just one instrument. Unless you're Mozart, that is. Please calm down and try to recall more."

Perhaps because I was a musician, my hearing was sharp, or maybe because the professor had a clear, low voice. I unintentionally eavesdropped, but what could I do? I had to continue pretending not to know. However, I occasionally felt Serena's lingering gaze. In any case,

'Tsk.'


----

[Back to Chapter List](/ftmg/)

