---
title: Chapter 96
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:36
tags:
---


“Your melody is very impressive.”

It's hard to believe he's an actor.

“If I hadn't confirmed it was Mr. Alessandro's face, I would have definitely thought a professional violinist was performing.”

“You flatter me, Editor.”

“But is it true that you picked up the violin again after more than ten years? Your posture is so seasoned that I'd believe you practice every day. I think Director Jean-Pierre cast the role perfectly.”

Alessandro ran his fingers over his dry lips and looked down at his fingers. His eyes were filled with countless emotions.

His fingertips were so calloused from pressing the strings over and over that one would believe he was a violinist.

“It’s all thanks to my teacher.”

“Your teacher?”

“Yes, I'm talking about the violinist Hyun. If it weren't for Hyun, I wouldn't have been able to play the violin again. He's the one who fixed my broken fingers that no doctor could mend. The credit for Director Jean-Pierre's keen eye goes not to me but to Hyun. Without him, this movie wouldn't have been completed.”

Adam Whishaw swallowed his admiration.

Alessandro was known in Hollywood for his strong pride. But when he talked about Hyun, his eyes were filled with admiration.

Adam had seen such eyes before. They were just like the eyes of fellow violinists who had been with Hyun at the chapel.

“Where is Hyun now?”

“He's not on set today. It's a day without any violin scenes.”

“Really? Then what’s that in your hand, Mr. Alessandro?”

“Oh, I’m practicing because I enjoy it. Since I’m playing the role of Paganini, I have to practice constantly, don’t I? Otherwise, I wouldn’t feel worthy to meet my teacher. Even though Hyun is small, his charisma is immense.”

Just my luck, I came to the filming site to hear Hyun play, only to find he wasn’t here. I should have asked Director Jean-Pierre about the schedule.

At that moment, Alessandro gave a peculiar smile and began to speak. “Hyun is probably.”

“Probably?”

Just then, a bell seemed to ring from somewhere.

“On a date.”

** *

“Oppa―!”

What a familiar voice. The child who used to run to me and tug at my sleeves had grown into a girl almost my height.

Though the square was crowded, it wasn’t hard to spot Son Yooha. She looked like she was about to run and hug me at any moment.

I looked down at my wristwatch and then raised my head.

“Why are you so late?”

“Oppa, don’t you know it’s rude to tell a lady she’s late?”

Does everyone become this cheeky after studying abroad for a long time?

If I had known, I would have just met her in front of the hotel and come out together; why did I insist on meeting at the square?

A woman’s heart is hard to understand. Anyway.

“Why are you wearing such thin clothes?”

A fluttery dress with just a thin cardigan. It might be fine in the warm afternoon, but as soon as the sun sets, it gets chilly in the Italian autumn.

At that moment, Son Yooha pouted her lips, making a sulky face.

“It’s a date―!”

A date?

This cheeky kid, but I barely held back a chuckle. The Ice Queen’s expression was serious.

Her eyes, reminiscent of a cat, looked like they would peck at me at any moment. In a way, it was very cute.

“Wow, Oppa, you know places like this?”

We stopped by a restaurant for lunch.

It was a place I had visited once before in a small alley. Antique and cute decorations captivated Son Yooha’s eyes, and the spaghetti and lasagna quickly delighted our mouths.

While we were eating.

“Oppa, who did you come here with? You usually come to places like this with a woman.”

Son Yooha asked with a serious expression. When she says things like that, she should at least wipe the spaghetti sauce off her lips.

I picked up a tissue, wiped the sauce off her mouth, and shook my head.

“So sloppy.”

I had come here with Im Hyera before. But then, Son Yooha’s face turned as red as a persimmon, and she hurriedly focused on her meal again.

At times like this, she’s still an unmistakable girl. By the way, the spaghetti here is really excellent. Im Hyera’s taste in food is commendable.

“Rosa, Rosa―!”

The sweet scent of roses tickled my nose in every alley. Since the blooming season was over, they must have been grown in a greenhouse.

Even the solicitation was an art form. They would invariably urge passing couples to gift a rose to their beautiful lady.

As expected of Casanova’s hometown. I thought no one would fall for such solicitations, but.

“One, please.”

Son Yooha was staring intently at the roses. If I didn’t buy her one, she would undoubtedly nag me about it forever, so I quickly took out my wallet.

Son Yooha’s face, holding a fresh rose, looked happier than ever.

“Oppa, I want to see the Trevi Fountain.”

“Okay, let’s go.”

Son Yooha took my hand and followed me with a bright expression. Although the place was crowded, I wasn’t worried. After all, her bodyguards were following us from a distance.

When we arrived at the Trevi Fountain, Son Yooha took out some coins.

“Here, Oppa, let’s throw them together.”

“Throw two coins?”

“Yes, it has to be two!”

With her small hand, Son Yooha handed me two coins and then turned around to take her stance.

With tightly closed lips, she seemed to be making a wish, then threw the coin in her right hand over her left shoulder.

I also threw two coins towards the fountain.

“Oppa, you threw two coins into the fountain, right?”

Son Yooha’s cheeks were filled with happy blushes. Anyone would think she had won the lottery. At that moment, the coins under the water sparkled like jewels.

** *

“Did that really happen?”

Chairman Wang’s smile didn’t leave his lips as he answered the phone.

“Where’s the man I play Go with?”

Chairman Yoo, sitting across from him, teased. But Chairman Wang couldn’t put down the receiver.

It was strange. The man who would wake up even in his sleep for a match, especially when the game was this close, wouldn’t even take a call or engage in small talk.

“Yes, let’s meet when you return to Korea.”

Chairman Wang’s face was full of satisfaction as he hung up the phone. Anyone would think he had already secured victory in the game.

“Who were you talking to that made you so happy, Son?”

“Curious, old man?”

“Seeing you grin so broadly, my curiosity is gone. Now, let’s play Go. Do you think I don’t know that you’re stalling?”

If it were any other time, Chairman Wang would have quickly picked up the Go stones at Chairman Yoo’s provocation. But he kept smiling as if something pleasant had happened.

“Hyun and Yooha met, they say.”

“In Italy?”

“Yes, I just got a call from my wife saying they went on a date. They dined at the same place where Ilsung and I had a meal before our marriage. My wife was so happy. She urged me to take lots of pictures.”

It seemed Chairman Wang’s new hobby was collecting photos of the two kids.

“Are you that pleased?”

“Of course, how could I not be? I plan to make a photo album for Yooha when she gets married. Back when I was a peddler in Hamgyeongbuk-do, I didn’t have a single proper photo with my late wife, and I regret it. Isn’t it the same for you, old man?”

Chairman Wang looked at Chairman Yoo with eyes full of nostalgia.

“I took a few.”

“You old-fashioned codger, how nice it would be if you agreed with me. No wonder you were ousted from the wealthy family.”

“Enough chit-chat, let’s play Go. How long are you going to keep me waiting?”

It was a joke only close friends could make. Chairman Wang stared intently at the Go board and finally placed a black stone.

“Why is it that your family is naturally good at Go? If Hyun didn’t have a talent for music, he would’ve become a Go player. Isn’t it strange?”

“What is?”

Chairman Wang nodded towards the newspaper.

“Things are turning out just as Hyun said.”

** *

Buzz―!

It was the day of shooting the final performance scene.

Alessandro’s bowing had improved to the point where it could be considered high-level. He practiced so hard that I worried he might switch careers from actor to violinist.

After a long practice session, Alessandro, out of breath, looked at me.

“That was very good, Hyung.”

At my compliment, Alessandro smiled brightly like a child. But it wasn’t over yet.

“The last scene involves slow bowing, right? Playing a slow piece requires deep emotion. This time, let’s play with your shoulders relaxed and your wrist firm. Of course, keep the pressure off your right index finger. Got it?”

“Okay, Master.”

Alessandro, though acting, wanted to achieve a perfect performance. Thanks to him, the atmosphere on set remained intense until the final performance day.

“Thank you for always working so hard, Hyun.”

“I should be the one thanking you, Director.”

Had it not been for my connection with Jean-Pierre, I wouldn’t have had the chance to work on such a masterpiece.

Moreover, filming the performance scenes all at once for the sake of the sound recorder was rare in the film industry.

And they even offered me running royalties. Unlike my previous life, this life felt like blessings were coming my way even if I stayed still.

“Director, may I play first?”

The last scene was filled with deep emotions. It was a scene where Paganini performed for his son.

It would be easier for Alessandro to bow after watching me play.

Jean-Pierre nodded without hesitation at my request.

I leaned back into the armchair as in the filming scene.

Sitting and playing wouldn’t be easy. It was like performing on that day on the rocking ship.

A delicate touch of emotion met the shimmering strings.

It was a performance for a beloved son. Paganini’s bow touched the strings with all his strength to pour out his last effort for the child he wanted to protect.

Buzz.

The melody was like the sorrowful cry of a bird. Expressing deep emotions through a dense performance was more challenging than playing a fast piece.

The lyrical adagio resonated through the strings like the moonlight pouring through the window.

Paganini must have had a blissful vision of his son while watching him sleep. But he knew his life was nearing its end.

In the gradually accelerating tempo, a fierce trill echoed with a violent tremor.

To replace his blind sight, the son awoke from his sleep. Fearing his son would catch him, the melody regained its calm and warmth.

Everyone was left speechless by the final performance filled with dying Paganini’s emotions.

“Hyun, will you visit the U.S. when the film premieres?”

Alessandro put his arm around my shoulder affectionately. We had gotten as close as Baek Jeonghoon during the filming.

Compared to my previous life, where I had no friends, my charm must have increased.

“By the way, Alessandro. Do you know the meaning of throwing coins into the Trevi Fountain?”

I had been meaning to ask this amidst the busy shooting schedule but had forgotten.

“How many coins did you throw?”

“Two.”

“Did you throw them with a girl?”

Alessandro gave me a peculiar smile.

“Does this mean Hyun will get married before me?”

“What are you talking about, Hyung?”

“There’s a saying that if you throw two coins into the Trevi Fountain, you’ll find eternal love.”

Just then, it felt like a bell was ringing in my head. I finally understood why Son Yooha insisted so much on throwing two coins.