---
title: Chapter 107
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:47
tags:
---


"Would it be alright if I played a song?"

Son Sunye's face lit up as if she had won the lottery, but soon turned forlorn.

The reason was simple. There was no way a violin could be prepared in a small church.

But I didn't care and moved forward.

"Huh?"

As I sat on the piano bench, curious glances were cast my way.

Some didn't know me, while Chairman Wang and my grandfather's eyes were filled with strange curiosity. They seemed to wonder how well I could play the piano.

Carefully, I removed the cover from the keys. The piano bore the marks of time. However, it seemed well-maintained by the church, as the tuning was perfect, and the depth of the white and high-pitched keys was consistent.

"This is a day where two people who love each other come together. It is as wonderful as a sunny spring day, and the days ahead will be filled with happiness. There may be rainy days, but as long as the two of you are together, there will be no worries. To celebrate your new beginning, I will play a song for you, though it may be lacking."

In reality, it wasn't just two people, but three. Son Sunye was pregnant. It later became famous in the business world that she not only married a commoner but also had a shotgun wedding.

No matter, the child born from that womb would become famous someday. The name sticks with me because it is the same as mine.

"For the new life."

Leggero, I lightly pressed the keys, maintaining the weight of my arm.

The signal flowed through my heightened senses, moving the hammers inside the piano to strike the strings.

All eyes were on me at the first note. Sometimes, my fingertips, sensitively heated, would touch the keys and bounce off like a spring.

My hands moved lightly and cheerfully, like a child's steps.

Then it happened.

Legato, as the music's breath continued uninterrupted, my fingers began to dance.

I carefully pedaled to connect each note.

As the piano resonated with beautiful melodies, my fingers gradually sped up as if they had been waiting.

The audience couldn't take their eyes off the movement, gliding over the 88 keys as if a long spider were dancing elegantly on a stage made of black keys.

"Once more!"

My fingers moved, producing a light sound as if they were bouncing. The smooth relaxation made it almost impossible to tell if the keys were pressed or not.

It felt like a child's gentle laughter in the breeze of a cool summer day.

The sensation that started from my shoulders reached my elbows and finally my fingertips.

As the last note resonated at the end of the journey, the audience's eyes were filled with a sense of regret.

It must have been because of the melody that lingered in their ears at the last moment.

"I believe the rest of the performance will be created by the two of you."

It was like leaving a blank space when painting a picture, leaving the final part of the performance.

To leave a deep impression. For the laughter of new life.

* * *

"Hyun, would you like some milk?"

It seemed Chairman Wang had come to know my taste.

After the wedding reception, we arrived at none other than the grand mansion in Pyeongchang-dong.

However, the only ones invited to the reception room were me, my grandfather, and Son Yooha. Chairman Wang's children had to lick their dry lips like dogs chasing chickens.

"In some ways, Chairman Yoo, your children are no different from mine. Even during the ceremony, they were exchanging glances and keeping each other in check."

Indeed, the succession rivalry in a wealthy family is a war without gunfire.

Especially the gaze of Chairman Wang's third son, Son Hongwon, was no joke. He had not only fallen out of favor with Chairman Wang but also lacked business acumen, living his whole life as an unemployed person.

He must have been trying to appeal to Chairman Wang, hoping to gain some benefit from the wedding.

My grandfather must have seen the resemblance to his younger brother.

"Son, don't you have someone who can embrace all of them?"

"Yes, they all seem more concerned with Ilsung's opinion than mine. I am like a setting sun."

Despite his words, Chairman Wang had a faint smile on his lips.

He had already named a clear successor. If it weren't for Son Ilsung, a real battle for succession might have broken out among the siblings.

But why did my grandfather glance at me subtly?

Chairman Wang openly discussed succession in front of me and Son Yooha. In other words, he considered Son Yooha as the successor to Son Ilsung.

"By the way, Hyun, since when have you been so good at playing the piano?"

At that moment, the old serpent suddenly asked without any warning. Not just my grandfather, but even Son Yooha seemed curious about Chairman Wang's question.

"Among those who attended today's wedding, those who didn't know you were a violinist thought you were a renowned piano prodigy. Even I was almost fooled. Although musicians are expected to be proficient in all instruments, I didn't expect you to be that good. The piece you played was wonderful. What was its title?"

It was an original composition resembling the waltz of spring.

Son Yooha, who had seen many scores in the studio, nodded in understanding, but my grandfather and Chairman Wang couldn't hide their surprise. They never imagined I had composed a piano piece.

I had simply numbered the piece without a title because I couldn't think of a suitable name.

"Old man, did you know that Sunye decided on the name of her child today?"

"Son, was Sunye pregnant?"

"I've been so out of it that I didn't mention it. I kept it a secret, fearing it would become gossip. She's already three months along."

Judging by Yooha's wide eyes, she didn't know either. The wide wedding dress must have hidden it well during the ceremony.

"Sunye said she wants to name the child 'Hyun.' She was moved when she saw you at the ceremony. She hopes the child born from her womb will grow up to be like Kang Hyun. Old man, is my daughter's dream too big?"

Don't worry. Even if the old serpent doesn't wish for it, the child will turn out that way.

While we chatted over glasses of milk, the topic came up.

"Hyun, do you know which company is sponsoring your upcoming solo concert?"

"Isn't it Daeil Group?"

"Yes, it's your grandfather's company."

Since I was affiliated with a gallery under the Daeil Foundation, I thought it was natural. However, Chairman Wang's wrinkled eyes were filled with mischief.

"When you have time, visit your grandfather's company."

"Excuse me?"

"Why, don't you want to? Shouldn't you see the company that's sponsoring you?"

It wasn't that I didn't want to; I was just stunned. Hadn't I longed for Daeil Group in my past life? The company I once devoted myself to.

* * *

"Refreshing air!"

A white woman wearing large sunglasses shouted, stretching her arms towards the sky.

Though it was a business class seat, her body felt as crumpled as paper after the long flight.

Sharon, the editor of Gramophone, instinctively reached for a cigarette but realized she was still at the airport.

"If I had lost the bet with Adam again, I wouldn't have forgiven myself. I didn't expect that kid to be the violinist Hyun."

Sharon recalled her previous visit to Seoul to meet the violinist Hyun.

Hadn't she met a cheeky little kid at an unknown restaurant? That was three years ago. She wondered how much he had changed.

Even the eternal maestro Gustav praised him highly. And now he was holding a solo concert.

As the blonde beauty moved, the bustling airport quickly fell silent. Men and women alike stole glances at Sharon. It was as if the place she walked turned into a runway.

Click.

The sound of swallowing and high heels echoed through the airport.

"We're here, ma'am."

"Thank you, Mr. Taxi."

With the help of a kind taxi driver, she arrived at the gallery.

It was an unusual place for a musician's studio. Moreover, she had heard that the gallery owner was a wealthy Asian. It made sense that even the violinist Hyun was part of the royal family.

"How can I help you?"

The gallery's female employee widened her eyes at the sight of Sharon. Foreigners often visited, but this was the first time someone who looked like a model had come. Her blonde hair reflecting the sunlight looked like a scene from a movie.

Moreover, this place required an invitation to enter.

"I'm here to meet the violinist Hyun."

When Sharon conveyed in a British accent that she was there to meet Hyun, another female employee from inside the gallery quickly appeared. She politely bowed to Sharon and responded in fluent English.

"My name is Kim Mihyun, a staff member at the Im Hyera Gallery. I'm sorry, but the violinist Hyun is currently out. How can I relay your message?"

Feeling mischievous, Sharon decided to play a little trick. She removed her sunglasses with her long fingers and flashed a radiant smile. The smile was so beautiful that it widened the staff's eyes.

"Just tell him a noisy lady came by."

* * *

Is this how a salmon feels returning to its homeland? How much effort had I put into entering the headquarters of the Daeil Group in Seocho-dong in my past life?

As memories of my days filled with power and greed flashed through my mind like a panorama, I was interrupted.

"Hmm, what brings you here?"

The female employee guiding me through the lobby looked at me curiously.

Of course, wearing a school uniform, I didn't look like a solicitor. If I had, the security would have been called instead of the staff.

I gave a short nod and said what Chairman Wang had told me to say.

"Just tell them Kang Hyun is here."

The employee's eyes widened like saucers. She hurried to the desk and made a call on the intercom. The friendly demeanor she had shown earlier vanished, replaced by a respectful bow.

All eyes in the lobby turned towards me. To anyone watching, it must have seemed like an important buyer had arrived at Daeil Group.

What on earth had the old serpent said to them?

"This way, please."

The headquarters structure was no different from the past. Although the building had been expanded and become more sophisticated in my previous life, time would take care of that.

The employee led me nervously, as if heading to a slaughterhouse.

The Daeil Group headquarters was enormous and complex enough to be called a jungle, but I knew it well enough to walk through it with my eyes closed.

"If I go this way, then..."

Only then did I understand why the employee seemed so tense. She looked like a calf being led to the slaughterhouse.

In the course of working at a company, there are times when you naturally feel it. When visiting a superior, the body tenses up like on a cold day without any reason.

Especially when it's the place where the future head of the massive Daeil Group is.

"You must have had a hard time getting here, Hyun."

It was the first time I had a face-to-face conversation with President Son Ilsung. Although it had happened in my previous life, I couldn't even dare to look him in the eye back then.

"The Chairman recommended that you tour the company, Hyun. He said to think of it as visiting Dongju and to look around freely."

I couldn't grasp what the old serpent was scheming. He was someone whose intentions were hard to discern even in my previous life.

Son Ilsung's sharp eyes were fixed on me. If those eyes were honed over time, he would become a tiger rivaling Chairman Wang.

"Hyun, which department would you like to visit the most?"

Would I want to visit the legal team I had connections with in my past life? No way. There were no nostalgic items there, so what would be the point?

There was a place I wanted to visit while working at Daeil Group. However, it wasn't a place just anyone could enter.

A place created by Chairman Wang and completed by Son Ilsung, known as the brain of Daeil Group.

"The Strategic Planning Office."