---
title: Chapter 110
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:50
tags:
---


“It’s the perfect weather for a stroll.”

On a sunny June day, I would usually be in Pyeongchang-dong for a Go lesson, but today, instead of holding Go stones, I was gripping a golf club.

Chairman Wang had personally arranged this outing for me, as I had been so engrossed in practicing for my solo recital that I hadn’t had a chance to go outside.

“Manager Kim, it’s your turn.”

At Chairman Wang’s words, Manager Kim Sang-guk from the Strategic Planning Office bowed crisply and received the golf club from the caddy.

He looked so tense, like someone playing golf for the first time. That’s understandable since golfing with Chairman Wang at Gapyeong Country Club is a significant event.

Moreover, with President Son Ilsung also present, the tension must have been doubled.

‘This brings back memories.’

Gapyeong CC was a place Chairman Wang had personally decorated with exquisite bonsai and rare old trees.

When I first set foot in this place in my previous life, I was just like Manager Kim Sang-guk now.

There was even a legend within the Daeil Group. If you played at Gapyeong three times or more, you’d find yourself promoted to an executive position before you knew it.

In the future, this place would become the main stage for company politics and alliances. Yet, how many times have I been here in this life?

“Manager Kim, you can’t hit it so roughly. Have you forgotten this is a betting golf game? Do it with the same vigor as when you present in the meeting room. Even I, on the opposing team, am giving you advice.”

“Yes, Chairman! I’ll correct it right away!”

“Hyun, we’re on the same team. Don’t you have anything to say? At this rate, I’ll end up buying Hyun a meal after a long time. Haha.”

With Chairman Wang’s not-so-encouraging encouragement, Manager Kim Sang-guk was filled with determination.

Somehow, the teams had been set with the father and son on one team, and Manager Kim and me on the other.

Isn’t the balance too off since it’s Chairman Wang’s home ground? No way, I’m almost a semi-pro when it comes to golf.

“Manager Kim, if I may, when you’re hitting a draw, rotate your right hip inward faster. And slightly pull back your right foot. You’re too stiff right now.”

I wanted to teach him how to grip the club again, but it would only backfire on someone so tense.

As expected, the golf ball flew weakly and landed in the bunker.

While Manager Kim Sang-guk showed a dejected expression, Chairman Wang smiled broadly.

“Hyun, how are we in such a predicament?”

He looked triumphant, as if he was repaying the humiliation he suffered during our Go lessons. I should have known when he suggested coming to Gapyeong for some fresh air.

Moreover, Manager Kim Sang-guk, who was in the Strategic Planning Office, seemed completely out of place on the golf course.

There are people like that in life. They look athletic but are terrible at ball games. Manager Kim was one of those. But.

“Don’t worry.”

I kept loosening my hands and wrists in anticipation.

There’s a saying in golf: amateurs fear bunker shots the most, while pros find them simpler than approach shots.

Holding the club like a violin, I swung smoothly, and when the clubface met my gaze.

It looked like a relaxed rotation, but.

Whoosh—!

With a crisp sound, the golf ball flew in an arc.

* * *

Growl—!

The smell of sizzling chicken galbi made my stomach growl. After a round of golf in Gapyeong, we always came to this chicken galbi restaurant. Today, too, it was delicious.

I couldn’t help but think that the true chicken galbi I had been searching for during my military legal officer days in Gangwon-do was right here.

“Ah, I can’t beat Hyun. I thought I’d finally get a free meal from Hyun, thanks to Manager Kim.”

Manager Kim Sang-guk looked embarrassed, while President Son Ilsung nodded as if he had expected this outcome.

Having played a few rounds together before, he probably knew my skill level to some extent.

Well, if I wanted, I could finish 18 holes under 80 strokes.

“Manager Kim, from now on, let’s play together whenever we have time. Next time, team up with me. I’ll teach you how to putt rigorously. Hahaha.”

Manager Kim Sang-guk’s face showed undeniable gratitude. No matter how high-ranking a subsidiary president is, it’s not easy to gain Chairman Wang’s trust. Today, Manager Kim had essentially hit the jackpot.

But why did he call Manager Kim today? It couldn’t be just for camaraderie.

It was then.

“Manager Kim, do you know why I called you to Gapyeong today?”

Chairman Wang started as if he had read my mind.

In the serious atmosphere, Manager Kim Sang-guk put down his chopsticks and swallowed hard. His tension was palpable, even to me sitting across from him.

Despite his wolf-like sharp jawline and eyes, he was helpless before a tiger. That’s nature’s way.

“To introduce a new recruit.”

“Chairman, what do you mean by that?”

What was he talking about? The Strategic Planning Office doesn’t use the term ‘new recruit.’ Most people there were seasoned professionals from other fields.

And is Manager Kim in a position to be introduced to a new recruit, especially at a chicken galbi restaurant?

“This person.”

Then Chairman Wang placed his hand on my shoulder.

“Manager Kim, you’ve already met Hyun, haven’t you? Didn’t you have a heated discussion in the meeting room? With such guts and boldness, he’s already passed the selection. This guy may look young on the outside, but he’s an old fox inside. No, sometimes he even looks like a tiger, so be careful. He doesn’t show mercy just because of age. He’s never given me a handicap even when we play Go. Sigh.”

“Grandfather?”

Wasn’t this bewildering? Chairman Wang’s absurd words were being taken seriously by not only Manager Kim but also President Son Ilsung, who nodded in silence.

What is going on?

“Hyun, let’s pause our Go lessons for now.”

“What?”

“Once a week, go meet Manager Kim.”

It was as if I had just finished the tutorial of a game. Chairman Wang smiled as if something interesting was about to happen.

“Now that the theory lessons with your grandfather are over, isn’t it time for field practice?”

* * *

“Ms. Mi-hyun, is it already sold out?”

Director Im Hyera couldn’t believe what she was hearing.

This wasn’t just any concert hall; it was the Concert Hall of the Seoul Arts Center, with over 2,500 seats.

Moreover, the tickets were sold through just two methods: phone and offline. Yet, in less than an hour, all seats were sold out.

“There’s a high proportion of international reservations?”

“Yes, ma’am. We’re also quite astonished and are quickly trying to figure out what happened.”

“No, I expected something like this, but…”

People had been sending love calls even before the solo recital was announced. Still, this exceeded all expectations.

South Korea was notoriously uninterested in classical music.

I had doubts about filling all the seats for an unverified first solo recital, but I never imagined such an enthusiastic response from overseas.

Even though it must have been early morning in their time zones, calls kept flooding in.

The network carrier even sent out an emergency team due to the overwhelming call volume, indicating that Kang Hyun’s popularity far exceeded Director Im Hyera’s expectations.

“We’re still receiving reservation calls, and the Seoul Arts Center continues to get international inquiries.”

“Reservation inquiries? But it’s already sold out.”

“No, most of the calls are requesting for additional seats to be made available.”

This is almost frightening. How did Kang Hyun’s reputation spread so widely overseas?

Director Im Hyera didn’t know, but Kang Hyun’s popularity extended in various directions.

From his debut, he had made waves in the classical music scene, and his fame and mystique as a composer known as HYUN had been proven multiple times.

“Also, newspapers are asking to publish articles about this solo recital. Given that it’s a charity event and expected to attract a significant number of foreign tourists, they believe it could establish a successful classical music culture in Korea.”

Absolutely, given the current economic climate, even a single dollar is precious. As a musician, Kang Hyun is currently the only one bringing in such foreign revenue.

If it weren’t for the Daeil Group, newspapers would have published articles multiple times, considering this a highly desirable topic. It’s a day worth celebrating.

But.

“Ms. Mi-hyun, where is Hyun right now?”

* * *

“Field practice, huh.”

My head ached as I couldn’t fathom what the old fox Chairman Wang was thinking.

Yet, it also excited me, making it a rather paradoxical situation. The Strategic Planning Office was a department I had always wanted to join in my previous life.

But.

‘Tsk.’

That wasn’t the important issue right now. The solo recital is next week, isn’t it? Chairman Wang’s words made me shake my head, dispelling my thoughts. By the way.

“Oh!”

Ah—!

My shout echoed and reverberated up to the ceiling.

The concert hall was not yet fully remodeled.

Although it had shed its initial reputation as a ‘bathhouse for the arts,’ the 2nd and 3rd-floor areas still had issues with mid-low frequency resonance.

These areas needed to be checked in advance. It’s the only way to prepare adequately.

Normally, this would be the responsibility of the Seoul Arts Center staff, but without specialized sound measuring equipment, it would be difficult.

“Here, Director.”

Moreover, my ears are incredibly sensitive. Checking the concert hall during rehearsal wasn’t a bad idea.

By now, the director of the Seoul Arts Center was looking at me as if I were a ghost.

“Kang Hyun, you’re truly remarkable. Experts struggle to find these issues, but you pinpoint them easily. They’ll be astonished. Now I understand why the audience dislikes the 3rd floor. I’ve always stayed in the 2nd-floor box seats, so I didn’t realize how steep it is up here.”

“If you just stay in your office, I can note down the seat numbers and tell you.”

“No, if Kang Hyun is personally walking around, I should join.”

The director had become an ardent fan after my encore performance with the London Symphony.

Although he graduated with a degree in English literature and was a classical music layman, his passion had significantly increased since the London Symphony performance. The Seoul Arts Center had been undergoing continuous renovations as a testament to this.

How much time had passed?

We had finally assessed the entire concert hall with over 2,000 seats. The director seemed out of breath but followed me without complaint.

Thanks to this, other employees must be having a tough time. With the director working so hard, they couldn’t help but feel pressured.

“Kang Hyun, aren’t you nervous? Many famous musicians have held solo recitals in this concert hall, but I’ve never seen anyone who wasn’t nervous.”

“I’m nervous too, Director.”

“You seem different, though?”

I chuckled.

Despite the vast audience seating, I felt more excited than nervous. The time for being intimidated by people’s attention had long passed.

At that moment, a staff member from the Seoul Arts Center ran towards us.

“Mr. Kang Hyun, you have a visitor?”

“Yes, Director. Feel free to go see them.”

“No, it’s your guests, Mr. Kang Hyun.”

What was this about? This wasn’t a gallery but the Seoul Arts Center. How did my guests know I was here?

Puzzled, I walked towards the office.

When I opened the door, I was greeted by unexpected individuals.

“Hyun, hosting a solo recital and not giving us tickets?”

“Long time no see, Hyun. Honestly, I’m more excited about your braised chicken than the recital.”

“Eric, it’s not polite to talk about food in front of a friend. In China, obesity is called the friend of laziness.”

These were my friends from Chapelle.

William from England, Zhang Yan from China, and Eric, who resembled a Viking from Northern Europe.

I was so surprised I couldn’t speak. Just then, the door opened behind me, and another guest arrived.

“Hyun—!”

It was Anna, with her striking platinum blonde hair and green eyes, who happily hugged me.

My throat tightened. Should I now call her an adult instead of a girl?