---
title: Chapter 114
date: 2024-07-02 00:01:54
tags:
---


“Vodka martini, shaken, not stirred.”

It was an order reminiscent of James Bond.

“Bartender, give me the same drink, please.”

There seemed to be an invisible current flowing between Spencer and Yuri. Who would have thought they’d choose the same hotel in a far-off place like South Korea?

The bartender’s face showed clear signs of tension as two old men with stern expressions engaged in an unusual drinking contest.

“What did you think of the recital, Maestro Spencer?”

“It was excellent. I never imagined anyone would dare to create a recital with so many original compositions. What did you think, Maestro Yuri?”

“I agree. I'm already looking forward to seeing what kind of performance violinist Hyun will showcase at the Berlin Philharmonic.”

Spencer's brows furrowed. However, he made an effort to not show any expression, knowing that falling for this level of provocation would be akin to admitting he was a novice.

Regardless, it was truly impressive. Didn't they captivate over 2,500 audience members into a frenzy?

The mysterious musical ideas and skilled stage manners once again reminded everyone that Kang Hyun was a born genius.

Even after the performance ended, it was incredible.

“Violinist Hyun's nerve is commendable. I've never seen anyone speak so calmly in front of the eternal maestro Gustav.”

It was when the maestros and virtuosos gathered after the recital.

Even renowned musicians were holding their breath in tension, but Kang Hyun behaved no differently than usual. He spoke neither excessively nor insufficiently to anyone.

Is there anyone among the emerging stars who could converse so comfortably with Gustav?

It's hard to find even among the maestros. They looked as comfortable as old friends.

“What gift did the eternal maestro Gustav give to Hyun? It seems no one knows. Do you know, Maestro Spencer?”

“I don't know either, but when violinist Hyun comes to the London Symphony, I'll find out and let you know.”

Yuri frowned. The bartender was in agony. These men clearly weren't ordinary, so much so that one might mistake them for notorious mafia bosses.

At that moment, Yuri put down his empty glass and said,

“Another vodka martini, shaken, not stirred!”

Then, thud—! Spencer’s glass followed suit.

How many drinks had it been? The bartender had already prepared the drinks before they even ordered, thinking that the vodka martini contest would only end when one of them collapsed.

* * *

“Hyuna, how should we handle the interviews?”

Im Hyera's face was full of an unhideable smile. Various media interviews were pouring in like a flood.

It wasn't limited to domestic media. Even foreign music magazines featured my recital on their front pages. It was only natural, given that many maestros and virtuosos had rushed to attend.

“Please select only the necessary ones, President.”

I had learned from past experiences. Excessive media exposure could be harmful unless one is a politician. There’s no need to constantly face reporters.

“Hyuna, if you do a commercial this time, you'll easily surpass the popularity of most sports stars.”

“Hyung, stop exaggerating.”

“No, really, there's talk that you already have a fan club.”

Baek Junghoon made a playful face and picked up an advertisement draft. Given the turbulent times, it was a public service announcement featuring sports stars who were doing well overseas.

During the financial crisis, many children were inspired by watching athletes like Park Chan-ho and Park Se-ri.

Park Se-ri’s barefooted determination and her victory at the US Open were so frequently televised that it was hard to miss.

“At this rate, there might be a violin boom nationwide. Violin teachers would be very grateful to you, Hyun.”

“It’s not that much, hyung.”

“By the way, I heard there’s a barbecue party in Ichon-dong today. Can I come too?”

Of course, I nodded readily. Baek Junghoon had been the most helpful during the recital. His bandaged fingers showed how much he had practiced.

Sizzle—!

The smell of grilling meat filled the air at the Ichon-dong mansion.

The barbecue area set up in one part of the garden created an ambiance that rivaled that of a mountain lodge.

Moreover, Eric, who claimed the barbecue duty, stood in front of the grill with gloves on, fitting right in. It felt like we were in the forests of Northern Europe.

“Jangyen, can we propose a toast for Hyun here?”

“Of course, Eric. Tonight’s dinner is for Hyun.”

“For Hyun, by Hyun, to Hyun! How about that?”

Although it was a toast inspired by Abraham Lincoln’s speech, no one objected.

The party was attended only by friends who had shared ups and downs at the chapel and Baek Junghoon. The adults had temporarily left the space for us. I briefly felt the urge to enjoy a piece of well-cooked meat with a cold beer.

“Hyun’s soda, right? Hehe.”

Eric, holding a miniature beer mug, laughed heartily and poured soda into my empty glass. At that moment,

“Hyuna, were those two always that close?”

Baek Junghoon asked with a puzzled expression. The two women he was looking at were talking amicably.

But upon closer inspection, their lips were smiling, but their eyes were not. It looked as if an invisible current was flowing between them.

“Anna, you’re eating that spicy kimchi very well.”

It was a kind of kimchi that was tough even for foreigners. It was spicy and contained oysters, a polarizing ingredient even among Koreans.

However, Anna was eating the kimchi wrapped in meat as if it were her native Russian food.

“I asked the housekeeper.”

“Asked what?”

“How to marry a Korean man, and she said I must be able to eat Korean food well.”

It seemed she had heard an offhand remark from the housekeeper. However, Son Yooha looked quite uneasy. It was understandable since, although she wasn’t picky, she couldn’t eat oysters.

“Oppa, but I know how to make kimchi!”

“Kimchi? Yooha, what’s that?”

At that moment, Son Yooha looked at me with a triumphant expression.

Indeed, being able to make kimchi is more important than just eating it well.

* * *

“It was truly an amazing performance, wasn’t it?”

The past recital was reflected in Gustav’s eyes.

Kang Hyun, who did not lose his radiance even under the splendid chandelier. Just thinking about his melody brought a smile to his face.

“What did Her Majesty think about the recital?”

“Maestro, please just call me Hirose. The title 'Her Majesty' is too much for me.”

Sharon couldn't speak a word as she faced the combination of Gustav and Hirose. It was a proposal made with a sense of 'nothing to lose.'

However, who would have thought that both the Queen of Strings Hirose and the eternal maestro Gustav would agree so readily? And simultaneously, at that.

For today, she felt like she was part of a legendary fable, rather than an interviewer.

“Whether it’s a million copies or two million copies, does it matter? If an album with Hyun’s original compositions is released, I’ll be the first to buy it. Did you hear what Hyun said at the signing event after the recital? The compositions don’t have titles yet, just numbers. It was reminiscent of old-time composers.”

“Are you saying that even after creating a masterpiece, he doesn’t realize it?”

“Rather than not realizing it, I think everything he creates is a masterpiece. I had the same feeling when I first heard pianist Baek Junghoon’s 'Iron Blood.' It felt like the touch of a seasoned composer with years of experience. But considering Hyun’s age, it’s hard to believe.”

Gustav nodded at Hirose’s words. He too felt a similar vibe when he heard Kang Hyun’s original compositions.

It felt like a piece that only someone with a broad range of experiences and thoughts could create. It was hard to believe it was composed at such a young age.

“I wanted to give that child what Yascha left behind. His violin, imbued with his long touch and soul.”

At that moment, Hirose and Sharon’s eyes quickly turned to Gustav’s lips. They couldn't believe it.

There were rumors in the classical music world. The most famous of them all was Yascha Heifetz’s violin. It was an instrument that had left countless legends.

It had never surfaced after his death, leading to speculation that it had turned to ashes with Yascha.

Who would have thought that the eternal maestro Gustav possessed it?

“But the child didn’t accept it.”

“What?”

Sharon raised her voice inadvertently. It was that surprising.

Who could refuse Yascha Heifetz’s violin? The reason was desperately sought after as the eternal maestro Gustav slowly began to speak.

* * *

Buzz, buzz, buzz—!

Eric’s loud voice was more resonant than the cicadas. The stares at the airport were not my imagination.

With his thick palms, he hugged me tightly, creating a scene ripe for misunderstanding.

“Hyun, stay healthy until we meet again. And call me when you come to Norway!”

“Eric, you’ll break Hyun’s back. Hyun, the rumors about you are growing at the Shanghai Conservatory of Music. If you get the chance, it would be great if you could give a lecture in Shanghai like you did in Moscow.”

“Ahem, make sure to come to the Royal Academy of Music too. We’ll be waiting.”

Eric had joined the Norwegian Symphony Orchestra, while Jangyen and William were still at school. It wasn’t due to a lack of skills. They were honing themselves further.

At that moment, a platinum blonde girl holding a framed picture tightly approached me.

“Hyun, this is a really great gift.”

“It will become an even better memory as time passes.”

Suddenly, Anna beckoned me to come closer.

Smooch.

A warm touch grazed my cheek and quickly moved away. Before I could react, Anna stepped back. Then, with a meaningful expression, she whispered in my ear.

“Next time, I’ll learn how to make kimchi too!”

Where in Russia would she learn to make kimchi? As sweat trickled down my back, a face came to mind. Fortunately, that person hadn’t witnessed this scene.

“Mister, please take me to Seocho-dong.”

Normally, I would have headed to the Pyeongchang-dong mansion. I often played Go with Chairman Wang and enjoyed philosophical discussions disguised as managerial training.

But today, after seeing off my friends, I headed straight to Seocho-dong. Today was the first day of my field trip.

“We’ve arrived, Kang Hyun.”

It was the same building, but my mindset was completely different from my past life. Memories of joining the Jeil Group in pursuit of power and ambition flashed before my eyes.

As I entered the lobby, the desk clerk who had encountered me before looked increasingly puzzled, turning wide-eyed. Without an ID badge, I couldn’t just walk in.

“What brings you here?”

She asked according to protocol as I approached. She wasn’t speaking informally this time, likely because of the shock from my last visit to the president’s office.

Who would have thought a student in a school uniform was a guest of President Son Ilsung?

“I’m here to see the Strategic Planning Office.”

“Pardon?”

For some reason, I felt like playing a prank.

“It’s my first day at work.”