---
title: Chapter 12
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:12
tags:
---


"Oh, I really didn't expect to meet you here."

The middle-aged Westerner, Samuel Gardner, couldn't hide his surprise upon seeing Kang Hyun.

Although he had traveled to several Asian countries before, this was his first time in Korea.

In a foreign land, the only one who had extended a warm hand to him was this young gentleman. Who would have thought he'd meet the boy again at a banquet exclusively for the wealthy?

"Mr. Gardner?"

I didn't forget the middle-aged man's name and spoke it out loud.

"You remember my name. Do you know how much I regretted not asking for the young gentleman's phone number back then?"

"No, I was just doing what I had to."

As the two conversed warmly, they drew the attention of those around them. It was only natural, considering Kang Hyun's impeccable English pronunciation.

In his past life, Kang Hyun was known as a relentless scholar of law. Foreign languages were no exception; his native-like pronunciation was the result of intense effort.

The conversation with Samuel continued for quite a while. How much time had passed?

"Ah, Mr. Son. I apologize. I got too excited meeting the young gentleman."

Realizing his rudeness, Samuel Gardner bowed his head politely. But Son Ilsung shook his head as if to say it was fine, and Chairman Wang did the same, even smiling satisfactorily at the story between Samuel and Kang Hyun.

"Chairman Yoo, you've really educated your grandson well. His foreign language pronunciation is even better than my children who studied abroad. If I close my eyes, I can't tell if he's Western or Eastern."

A look of surprise briefly crossed my grandfather's face. Although he had heard a little from Mr. Kim before, he didn't expect me to be this good at English. With a proud expression, he patted my head and said,

"Hyun-ah, the adults need to discuss something for a moment, so go play with your friends."

Friends?

Ah, he must mean the third-generation heirs of conglomerates.

"I will guide you."

The manager approached me before I knew it. Samuel Gardner still had a smiling face, but it was Son Ilsung's gaze that caught my eye.

I had seen that look before. It was typical of Son Ilsung. The look he gives when he sees someone he wants to recruit.

'Dream on. In this life, I'm not working for you.'

I politely bowed to my grandfather and Chairman Wang and followed the manager.

Now that I think about it, I haven't heard who Samuel is. Who is he to be invited to a banquet where three generations of conglomerates gather? And he seemed quite close to Son Ilsung.

As questions continued to swirl in my mind,

"We've arrived."

The manager personally opened a door adorned with jewels.

Huh.

It was like a banquet within a banquet. The only differences from outside were that hotel staff were carrying glasses of fruit juice instead of wine, and the age of the attendees was significantly lower. After finishing his guidance, the manager politely turned away.

Numerous gazes felt almost piercing. They were all third-generation heirs of well-known companies.

These young ones had already begun forming factions and building networks, seemingly imitating adults. But to my eyes, it looked ridiculous.

Moreover, more than half of them would become nobodies in the future.

"Oppa!"

A familiar voice pierced my ears.

Huh?

It was Son Yooha in a white dress. While I had dressed up in a suit and bow tie, it didn't compare to Son Yooha. She looked like a glamorous actress stepping onto an award stage.

But hearing her call me "oppa" felt strange, knowing her as the Ice Queen in my past life. My hair stood on end just thinking about her face.

"I missed you!"

Son Yooha smiled as she approached me. Considering the image of Son Yooha, the president of Jeil Trading Company, known as the Ice Queen in my past life, the difference was indescribable, but what could I do? She was just an 11-year-old girl now. But still.

'Unexpected.'

A banquet for the third-generation heirs of conglomerates.

To be precise, a gathering attended only by those recognized as successors in the conglomerate families.

It was well-known that Jeil Electronics' President Son Ilsung had the trust of Chairman Wang, but Son Yooha was unexpected.

Chairman Wang had three sons and two daughters, with enough grandchildren to fill all ten fingers.

'To think a granddaughter would come, bypassing all the grandsons.'

Indeed, Chairman Wang differed from my grandfather in this regard. Instead of a traditional succession, he adhered to a survival-of-the-fittest approach. This might be why the Jeil Group maintained its top position in the business world.

* * *

'W-where am I?'

Park Sunyoung tried to suppress the relentless trembling of her heart.

She had been giving violin lessons to the granddaughter of a conglomerate family when an unexpected proposal came. They asked if she would accompany Son Yooha in a concerto at the banquet.

There were many who could play the piano accompaniment, but Yooha insisted it had to be Park Sunyoung.

Though it was just one accompaniment, the fee was beyond imagination.

Naturally, Park Sunyoung had no reason to refuse. She majored in violin but also had top-notch piano skills.

She thought she could easily manage it, given Yooha's young age and lack of experience, as long as she guided her well.

However.

'T-that's the former chairman of Daehan Steel.'

She had assumed it was an ordinary family gathering. Although she couldn't attend the gathering, the people visible through the crack in the employee waiting room door were all extraordinary individuals.

Even those uninterested in the business world would recognize these faces from the nine o'clock news or newspaper articles.

Gulp.

Only then did Park Sunyoung realize where she was. Her heart pounded so wildly that even taking a calming pill didn’t help.

If only Yooha were here with her. She had insisted on having Park Sunyoung as her piano accompanist but was nowhere to be seen now.

"Oppa, teach me the violin!"

Son Yooha's sudden request made me look up.

I had been sipping orange juice while sitting in a chair. I had no intention of building friendships with these third-generation conglomerate heirs.

Moreover, they weren't approaching me easily either. It was likely because of Jeil Group's Son Yooha.

Unlike her future nickname, Yooha didn't treat the third-generation heirs harshly but seemed different towards me.

"Yooha, you already have a teacher, don't you?"

As the third-generation heir of Jeil Group, known as the top conglomerate, Yooha would have an outstanding music teacher for her social hobby. Why was she asking me?

"No. My teacher can't bring winter like you do, oppa."

"Winter?"

"Yes, when you play, it feels like real winter."

What was she talking about?

I couldn't recall much about playing in front of Yooha as I was too engrossed in the performance. But bringing winter? I wasn't a magician. Kids' imaginations are something else.

By the way, the orange juice at my grandfather's house was delicious, but this is even better.

* * *

"Hyun-ah, did you make many friends?"

Grandfather asked with a gentle smile. Friends, huh? Although I was in the same room as the third-generation conglomerate heirs, I had no intention of befriending them.

Even though it was a position I had longed for in my past life, it felt uncomfortable, like wearing clothes that didn't fit. But I nodded and said yes to grandfather's question.

It wasn't a lie. Somehow, I had become friends with Son Yooha.

"Good. The people here today will be important someday. So, be friendly with everyone. But it's good to distinguish between those you need and those who need you."

He wasn't wrong. Networking was more essential than anything in modern society.

But why does grandfather keep telling me this? Does he really consider me an heir? Oh dear, my big uncle's face is filled with wariness.

"Alright, let's go have dinner."

It was when the so-called adult conversation had ended. The third-generation conglomerate heirs who had been in another room gathered back in the main banquet hall.

As dinner began, it just so happened that my grandfather and I were seated with Chairman Wang's party.

I greeted Chairman Wang with a bow and took my seat, but Son Ilsung continued to stare at me. The same was true for Samuel Gardner. My big uncle quickly erased his wary expression and tried to maintain a gentle facade. But then.

'Yooha's not here?'

I couldn't see Son Yooha, who should have been seated with Chairman Wang.

"Chairman Yoo, my granddaughter will perform a piece before dinner. She has recently taken a great interest in playing the violin. She must take after her mother because her skills are quite outstanding."

From Chairman Wang's proud words, I could infer Yooha's whereabouts. A luxurious-looking piano had already been moved to the stage at the front of the banquet hall.

Once everyone was seated,

Tap.

Son Yooha and Park Sunyoung walked out.

Son Yooha held a violin perfectly sized for her, and combined with her pure white dress, she looked as if she were entering a competition.

However, the accompanist seemed extremely nervous. Understandably so, given that the audience comprised influential figures in South Korea's business world.

A gray-haired manager stood in place of a host, his dignified presence reminiscent of a 19th-century European music salon.

'Her skills have improved significantly.'

Her posture, technique, and bowing were all remarkable. The term “remarkable progress” was an understatement; her skills had vastly improved, far exceeding the level of a social hobby.

She performed two concertos in succession, ending with the third movement of Vivaldi's "Winter" from The Four Seasons. Her heartfelt performance changed the expressions of the attendees.

'They probably thought it was just a cute performance.'

Who was Son Yooha? She was the granddaughter of Jeil Group’s chairman. Moreover, she attended the gathering as a legitimate third-generation heir. Many at the tables were likely considering her as a potential daughter-in-law.

Who would have thought she could play the violin so well?

"Truly impressive, Chairman Son."

Grandfather murmured in admiration after watching Yooha's performance.

When the performance ended, Chairman Wang's face was filled with a broad smile. How proud he must have been of his talented granddaughter. The same was true for Son Ilsung.

Come to think of it, no matter how powerful one is, nothing beats the pride of having talented children.

After the performance, Yooha bowed to the audience, looking like a violinist finishing a solo recital.

It seemed several of the third-generation heirs were already enchanted by Yooha.

"You did very well, Yooha."

As soon as she reached the table where Chairman Wang was seated, she was showered with praise. But her eyes were fixed on me.

'What's she up to now?'

Just as this thought crossed my mind,

"Oppa, it's your turn!"

Huh?

What did she mean, my turn? Chairman Wang looked at me and Yooha with a puzzled expression.

"Yooha, what are you talking about?"

Unable to contain his curiosity, Chairman Wang asked, and Yooha, without taking her eyes off me, opened her cherry-like lips.

"Hyun oppa is really good at playing the violin."

Yooha's abrupt statement made Chairman Wang, grandfather, Son Ilsung, and even Samuel Gardner, who didn't understand Korean, look at me.

What on earth was this little lady talking about?