---
title: Chapter 123
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:03
tags:
---


The reception room was filled with an old fragrance.

“How is China doing?”

Chairman Wang raised his voice as he took the teacup from his lips.

“Old man, have you completely given up on expanding into China?”

“We've been focusing more on developing new materials for the time being, so the factory expansion has been put on hold. Nonetheless, I heard that Deng Zheng in Tianjin will arrange a meeting soon.”

“That stubborn old man himself?”

Who was Deng Zheng? As a large landowner who controlled the Tianjin area, his family had held high-ranking positions in Tianjin for generations. It was said that to enter Tianjin, you had to go through Deng Zheng.

However, he was so meticulous and picky that it was hard to get close to him.

In the past, Son Ilsung had made three visits to see Deng Zheng, like Liu Bei seeking Zhuge Liang, but ultimately failed to establish a connection with him. Yet now...

“Old man, how did you manage to win over Deng Zheng?”

“I wasn’t the one who persuaded Deng Zheng.”

“Then who?”

It was Kang Hyun. Even now, three years after establishing a connection with Deng Zheng, Kang Hyun was still sending gifts during the Chinese New Year. He even wrote personal letters every year to Deng Zheng’s grandson, who liked him.

When they found out about this, it was astonishing. Chairman Wang expressed his admiration openly.

“Huh. He understands very well that relationships must be built from the ground up. How could such a strategic move come from the mind of a middle school student? It’s something not just anyone can do—!”

“I was also very surprised when I first heard about it. Hyun was doing something on his own that even we hadn't thought of.”

“President Yoo, no matter how you look at it, Hyun is a natural-born businessman.”

Chairman Wang rubbed his dry lips regretfully. After all, how much money and effort had they poured into securing Tianjin?

Even after Son Ilsung’s three visits failed, they directly connected with the Chinese government and mobilized a lot of funds.

Of course, there could be several reasons why Deng Zheng rejected Daeil Group and allowed Dongju Chemical. One was the difference in scale, and another was the uncertain impact on the local market. But still...

“Persuaded Deng Zheng.”

Kang Hyun achieved what Son Ilsung had failed to do. Whatever the reason, it was undoubtedly a remarkable feat, akin to opening Zhuge Liang’s heart.

* * *

“Oppa, does it not suit your taste?”

It wasn’t that the food wasn’t good. Grilled mero, rib steak with herbs, and salad with a special dressing from Good River.

Though there was no wine, the setup was the same as in the previous life. If the person sitting in front of him wasn’t Son Yooha, he might have suspected a hidden camera.

“Oppa, have you been here before?”

“Huh?”

“I mean, before you came, the manager taught me how to eat grilled mero, even explaining the order of dipping the sauces. But you already know how to eat it?”

Damn, this exceptional software is a problem at times. Even fleeting memories from the previous life seemed ingrained in his body.

Suddenly, Son Yooha narrowed her eyes and asked, “Who did you come here with?” It felt like a lover interrogation.

‘Should I just say I came here with my wife in my previous life?’

No way, even as a joke, it would be a shock to Son Yooha. He vaguely said he had eaten this way in Italy.

But Son Yooha still tilted her head in confusion. After all, this place had a unique way of eating grilled mero with various sauces.

“Is it good?”

Despite the saying "hunger is the best spice," the food at Good River was delicious. Even in the previous life, he and his estranged wife had finished every dish here.

As he scraped the remaining sauce from the plate, Son Yooha looked at him lovingly.

“I researched all the famous restaurants in London to treat Oppa to something delicious.”

“Yooha, where did you get the money?”

“Why, I have plenty of allowance left?”

Oh, he had forgotten that Son Yooha was an heir to a conglomerate.

Her liquid assets and real estate were undoubtedly much more than the royalties he had earned.

In the previous life, while working as the deputy director of the legal team at Daeil Group, he had handled many succession cases for heirs.

It was common for a baby in a conglomerate family to own a building in the heart of Gangnam.

“Oppa, can we take a walk after eating?”

“Sure, let’s walk to help with digestion.”

Son Yooha had flown all the way to see him. From what she said, she had been eagerly waiting for him to come to London.

The walkway faced the Thames River. It felt somewhat similar to the Han River.

The night was slowly falling, but the night view of the Thames sparkled like jewels.

It seemed people were gathering for fireworks at Canary Wharf tonight.

‘Look at this girl?’

Son Yooha subtly took his hand and then quickly changed the subject. She seemed more nervous than when she had kissed him.

Security was no issue. Chris from Man on Fire was following them. To an outsider, they might appear as the children of wealthy Asians out for a stroll. Then.

“Oppa, can I climb up here?”

It was a long post about 1m high, installed to block vehicle entry.

Maybe because she was now shorter than him. Or perhaps because she was still young. When he nodded, she smiled and climbed up.

“Hold my hand tight.”

He carefully walked, worried she might fall. It was ironic to think that this bright-smiling girl would become the Ice Queen in the future.

They were nearing the end of the long post.

Bang—!

Fireworks burst over the Thames River. Son Yooha lost her balance and stumbled.

He immediately grabbed her in surprise, but due to the shift in weight, they both fell.

It ended up with Son Yooha nestled tightly in his arms. The Ice Princess’s cheeks quickly turned red.

Bang—!

The sound of fireworks echoed again, and it looked like jewels were pouring over the calm water.

It was a moment when memories of the past life were being overwritten by new ones.

* * *

“Mihyun, I’m not going to sell this painting.”

Director Im Hyera looked at the painting displayed in the center of the gallery.

It was a painting of a man and a woman looking at each other lovingly under brilliant sunlight.

It was a work by a famous French artist and was worth several billion won.

“Do you know why?”

“Hmm, I don’t know. Director.”

“It’s the first painting I saw with Ilsung.”

At the mention of Ilsung, Kim Mihyun tilted her head. The name didn’t immediately make her realize it was Son Ilsung. But soon, her eyes widened.

Thanks to Director Im Hyera always treating her kindly, she sometimes forgot that Im Hyera and Son Ilsung were a married couple.

“At first, Ilsung was so blunt. As soon as he saw the painting, he asked me why it was so expensive for just a canvas. So, as an art major, I explained the value of the work. But Ilsung still didn’t seem to understand. He probably thought such a small painting had no practical use.”

Kim Mihyun perked up her ears. This was the love story of a second-generation chaebol. It wasn’t something easily heard, but occasionally Director Im Hyera would share personal stories related to art, just like now.

“Then, a few days ago, on our wedding anniversary, he gave me this painting as a gift.”

“That must have made you very happy, Director.”

“Of course. I had tried for years to get this painting. It was hidden away in a vault, and he somehow found out and got it for me. So I asked him why he bought this painting, and do you know what he said?”

From his appearance, Son Ilsung seemed like a typical man from Gyeongsang Province. Stern, with few words, and always with a sharp, almost angry look in his eyes.

His charisma was so overwhelming that most people couldn’t even look him in the eye.

“He said, ‘Hyera, you wanted it, didn’t you?’ He remembered a fleeting conversation we had during our courtship many years ago. Am I being too sentimental?”

“No, Director. I’m very envious. But Chairman Son is quite a romanticist.”

“Do you want to know the secret?”

Kim Mihyun’s throat bobbed. From the outside, Director Im Hyera and Chairman Son Ilsung seemed like polar opposites and didn’t match at all.

* * *

“Christine, may I watch your performance for a moment?”

New member Christine nodded briefly. She had a bad habit when performing trills, which she didn’t seem to realize as it had become ingrained. It took Kang Hyun a couple of corrections for her to notice.

“Hey Hyun, can you watch my performance for a moment?”

Another new member approached Kang Hyun. The other members understood their actions. They, too, had received posture corrections from Kang Hyun in Korea.

Just then, concertmaster Dmitri approached Kang Hyun and spoke.

“Hyun, aren’t you nervous?”

“Nervous?”

“Isn’t the deadline set by the maestro approaching? Yet you haven’t conducted properly even once. The members aren’t rejecting you, though.”

As Dmitri said, although the members of the renowned London Symphony Orchestra were known for their pride, they accepted Kang Hyun.

However, Kang Hyun didn’t immediately take up the baton. He hadn’t fully grasped each member yet.

It was just another day like any other. Each member was practicing to improve their individual skills.

“I think of the orchestra as a large instrument. The performer must know every nook and cranny of the instrument to produce a clean and clear sound. Even among violinists, each one produces different tones and vibrations when performing trills. I want to know the characteristics of each member of the London Symphony.”

Even without a conductor, a symphony orchestra could produce a fairly decent performance of Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony. They had been playing together for many years.

However, a conductor was essential to catch the off-key notes and rhythms.

“I’m learning how to conduct the London Symphony in my own color.”

“Color?”

“Yes, conducting without character is just a metronome, isn’t it?”

Dmitri twitched his cheeks. For him, it was a sign of a pleasant smile.

“Hey Hyun, can you watch my performance for a moment?”

Just then, violist Chloe spoke softly to Kang Hyun.

Meanwhile, Christine, who had been watching this scene, inwardly clicked her tongue.

The members of the London Symphony Orchestra were all highly skilled musicians.

No one knew better than her what it took to join this orchestra.

Yet, all the members acknowledged this young boy, treating him almost like a maestro.

‘Maybe even I.’

Christine herself had also received help.

In the past, she might not have listened to the boy’s words seriously, but now she trusted him more than anyone else. He had truly shown her magic.

Grrr―!

It was the sound of Emanuel, the principal cellist’s stomach. Emanuel got up, saying he was hungry. The other members also looked hungry.

After all, they had been practicing for several hours without rest. Then.

Click.

The practice room door opened, and a large black man in a suit appeared.

“Chris?”

Kang Hyun looked puzzled at the black man, and soon after, a girl appeared behind him, carrying food in both hands.

“Yooha?”

The queen of housework had arrived.