---
title: Chapter 137
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:17
tags:
---


Dudududung—!

Cold sweat flowed down my entire body as if I were playing List's transcendental skill piece, "Mazeppa."

The three-note pattern that embodies the sound of horse hooves, the tension of being chased by wild beasts, the joy of a melody where hope blooms in a moment of crisis.

Like "Mazeppa," it was a high-difficulty sheet music that didn't leave the player's soul alone for even a moment.

Fingers danced on the keyboard as if racing along the notes.

From the shoulders through the elbows to the fingertips. Baek Junghoon's body moved as if it had become one with the piano.

As he pressed the keys gently like a spring bouncing, the piano hammer struck the strings as expected.

Thump thump thump.

Baek Junghoon's heart began to beat without rest, just like the continuous flow of the music.

Baek Junghoon's long fingers continued to glide over the keys, producing a brilliant sequence of melodies as if releasing a pent-up breath.

Like reading a novel without any pauses, the notes flowed smoothly, and a fermata was placed on the double barline, finally ending the piece.

'Amazing.'

Kang Hyun's sheet music was truly amazing. Looking at the score composed by Kang Hyun, Baek Junghoon felt an unknown sense of elevation and aspiration. The more he practiced and revisited the notes, the newer the piece felt.

How long had he been sitting in front of the piano? His long fingers were trembling as if he had developed a tremor.

It was then.

"Junghoon-ssi, are you still practicing?"

Im Hyera, the chairwoman, came to find Baek Junghoon. Seeing his shirt soaked in sweat from head to waist, Im Hyera showed a worried expression.

Although she expected it to some extent because the pianist she recruited was a genius and a hard worker, she didn't expect him to push himself to such extremes.

"Take it easy; there's still a lot of time left until the solo recital."

"It's okay. Playing the piano is always enjoyable. And how can I stay still when my mentor left me with such good sheet music?"

"Really, both Hyun and you are as stubborn as an ox. But take a look at this."

Im Hyera suddenly handed a newspaper to Baek Junghoon. As he accepted the paper, Baek Junghoon's eyes widened.

The reason was simple. Kang Hyun's photo was prominently featured in the entertainment section. But he wasn't alone.

"Who are the people next to him?"

"Junghoon-ssi, don’t you watch movies? That's Alessandro and Martina, famous Hollywood actors."

"I was confused because I didn't expect Hyun to have a photo op in Hollywood."

Indeed, he had the opportunity to have a photo op on the Hollywood red carpet, something no other domestic actor had done. And he stood shoulder to shoulder with famous Hollywood actors.

Moreover, what about that confident and bold expression? He looked like the protagonist of the movie.

At that moment, another article caught Baek Junghoon's eye.

"An anonymous businessman, Mr. A, won a lunch auction with Barbara at LA Sotheby's for $1 million?"

"Junghoon-ssi, you saw that too? I was surprised to read that article. Who would've thought a lunch with a tycoon would cost over a million dollars? The world is indeed full of surprises, isn’t it?"

"Huh, who could it possibly be?"

This crazy person.

* * *

"Kang Hyun—!"

Manager Kim Sanguk's raised voice was understandable. He had acted without any consultation and just did what he wanted.

In a way, hadn't he spent a large sum of $1 million from the business funds? And for a meal, no less.

"President, why did you bid $1 million?"

Kim Sanguk had already transformed into an employee. He had even switched from informal speech to formal speech. He must have wanted to learn in detail about the expenditure of the business funds.

Do you think I didn't feel the pinch of spending that money? For instance, even if I had shouted $20,000, it likely would have been accepted.

"A bid of $10,000 would not have made an impact."

"Impact?"

"It wasn't an ordinary lunch."

Indeed, it was an extension of business. It was similar to the concept of entertainment. Moreover, the fact that it was the first lunch with Barbara in history made it significant.

However, Manager Kim Sanguk's expression was still unsatisfactory. While I wanted to explain in detail, I knew it would be pointless to do so now.

In any case, from Manager Kim Sanguk's perspective, I surely looked like a madman.

"President, is the main reason you came to the U.S. for lunch with Barbara?"

"Yes, that was the biggest reason. The premiere was just a side event."

"Huh."

Kim Sanguk sighed in exasperation. So, he really had flown across the ocean just to have lunch with a tycoon.

It was as if cold water had been poured on his head, which had been filled with ingenious investment ideas. I left Kim Sanguk behind and moved towards Pitz Coffee. Familiar with the place, I ordered their seasonal coffee and some accompanying bread.

"Manager Kim, let's eat first."

"President, after prepaying $1 million for lunch, you’re having just coffee and bread? Pardon my boldness, but right now, investing even a part of that $1 million in domestic real estate could significantly grow our money. Yet, you spent it on lunch?"

"I understand, Manager. I know that now is the perfect time to scoop up prime land in South Korea."

Kim Sanguk sighed and nodded briefly.

"Hyun, I liked you from the first moment I saw you in the Strategic Planning Department. I was drawn to your boldness and drive, which is why I followed you to the U.S. However, I didn't leave the Strategic Planning Department to engage in such frivolous endeavors. Putting aside our employer-employee relationship, as your uncle, I just can't understand."

Kim Sanguk was genuinely worried about me. Unlike my previous life, it seemed like there were many people in this life who genuinely cared for and cherished me. Perhaps my charm index, as well as my luck with people, had definitely changed.

I wanted to tell him all my plans, but it was still too early.

At that moment, my gaze met Manager Kim Sanguk’s.

"Manager Kim, there's a saying that seeing something once is better than hearing about it a hundred times."

"That's right."

"If this plan fails, I will follow your advice in the future. But just this once."

Of course, I hadn't acted thoughtlessly.

There were many ways to gather the most innovative and large-scale resources. I had chosen the most promising one.

Why did I spend $1 million? Because lunch with Barbara was the stepping stone to raking in money.

"Please wait and see."

Watch as this movie becomes reality.

* * *

"Rule your home, then rule the country and bring peace to the world."

The reception room was filled with the scent of old incense.

"Since we have established connections in China and India, it's time to strengthen our domestic efforts. In a way, this is a golden opportunity, isn’t it?"

Wasn't South Korea on the brink of collapse? Although the crisis had been narrowly avoided, the domestic real estate market was still in a slump. However, Chairman Wang thought that this dark period wouldn't last long.

Son Ilsung listened attentively to Chairman Wang's words, sitting in a modest manner like a student.

"How is Hongwon doing these days?"

"As far as I know, he's been living a reclusive life at home since he was severely scolded during your birthday last time. He seems to be more cautious now."

"Good, always keep an eye on Hongwon. Even if he's a useless finger, he's still your brother. If he makes any mistakes, as his older brother, you should sternly reprimand him."

Chairman Wang had many thoughts as he looked at the household of his old friend. In many ways, his own family was not so different from Chairman Yoo's.

The fortunate thing was that Son Ilsung was firmly standing his ground. With a central figure like him, the household wouldn't be easily shaken.

"Father, but how long will you keep Manager Kim on probation?"

"Probation?"

"Wasn't sending him to Hyun a form of probation?"

Apparently, even Son Ilsung had misunderstood. He didn't think that sending Kim Sanguk to a seventeen-year-old student was just a simple transfer.

Chairman Wang shook his head.

"Manager Kim is not someone who goes anywhere just because I tell him to. Why do you think I placed him as the head of the Strategic Planning Department? It's because he has the guts and skills to back it up. Such a person moved on his own two feet."

Convincing someone with a single word is easy with a gullible person, but very challenging with someone like Kim Sanguk, who always harbors doubts and has countless thoughts running through his mind.

However, hadn't Kang Hyun captivated Kim Sanguk with just a word? In terms of eloquence and tact, Kang Hyun was better than even Son Ilsung.

"Chairman."

At that moment, Secretary Kim cautiously entered the reception room.

"Is it news from America?"

"Yes, Chairman."

The reason Secretary Kim visited the reception room was simple: Chairman Wang had instructed him to inform him immediately if anything special happened in America.

Chairman Wang's expression changed as he listened to Secretary Kim. Sitting opposite, Son Ilsung was curious since he couldn't hear Secretary Kim's words.

Eventually, Chairman Wang showed a peculiar expression.

"$1 million."

While it could be considered a large amount, for someone in business, it was not an insignificant amount. However, spending that much on a meal was quite a substantial sum.

What was his plan this time? He was curious to see what Kang Hyun would do next.

The teacup in the reception room was set down with a sound.

* * *

"Welcome, violinist Hyun."

The lunch with Barbara was held at her Malibu Colony Beach residence in LA.

Could you believe that a meal in such a luxurious mansion would cost $1 million?

An elderly butler personally guided me. It seemed they already knew I was a violinist. No doubt, my background check was thorough.

The living room, where the long dining table was placed, had floor-to-ceiling windows offering a clear view of the beach.

The brilliant sunlight shone down like dazzling lighting. It felt like it deserved to be called a billion-dollar view.

It was then.

"I never imagined my first lunch would be with such a young musician. Welcome, violinist Hyun—!"

Barbara, a well-known tycoon in America, who was prominent in mining, railroads, and real estate, made her entrance.

Dressed in traditional Jewish attire, Barbara's brown eyes felt strangely familiar.

Do all successful rich people have a common trait? Her eyes seemed to read into one's soul, making me feel as if I were not in Malibu but in Pyeongchang-dong.

"Hyun, honestly, I was surprised. I never thought my lunch would fetch $1 million at auction."

"I thought $1 million was a reasonable price to meet you, Barbara. If it had been more, I would have gladly paid."

"Haha, Hyun, you are indeed a mysterious man. In the past, Jewish traders appointed people to leadership positions based on their skills regardless of age. As a classical music enthusiast, I know your name very well. A violinist who moved Berlin and London at a young age. In that sense, you possess the courage and talent to lead a trading company."

As Barbara said, the atmosphere was one where an ordinary person would surely feel overwhelmed. The luxurious food on the table and the splendid interior of the mansion would hardly catch their eye.

Moreover, what about Barbara's piercing gaze? Having a meal while looking into those eyes would cause one to lose their appetite after just three spoonfuls.

I picked up the knife, pretending to be unaffected.

As the seemingly ordinary meal continued,

"Hyun, do you have any wishes you want me to fulfill?"

There it was—!

The reason why lunch with Barbara became famous in the future was not just for the food.

The tycoon Barbara would grant a wish equivalent to the donation amount to the investor paying for the lunch.

No wonder it was known as Barbara's Lamp instead of the Genie’s Lamp.

But I didn't come here to make a mere million-dollar wish.

"I want to make a deal with you, Barbara."

"A deal?"

Barbara's expression showed she hadn't expected that. She had thought I would seek advice on where to invest my money.

What kind of deal could a violinist make with a tycoon who was known to have everything?

At that moment, I leaned forward and met Barbara's gaze.

"There are three reasons why you and I should make a deal, Barbara."

Now, it's time to roll the dice.