---
title: Chapter 143
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:23
tags:
---


“Ahjumma―!”

It was a high-pitched voice that sounded like it could tear apart. Chairman Yoo's third child, Yoo Bokja, visited Ichon-dong early in the morning.

“Ahjumma, I’m thirsty, so please give me some cold water. Take this quickly. I’ve brought some herbal medicine that is supposed to be good for Father’s health, so if he regains consciousness, make sure he takes it.”

It seemed like an attempt to show sincerity, perhaps to prepare for the unlikely event that Chairman Yoo suddenly regained consciousness.

Of course, Yoo Bokja wasn’t the only one who thought of such cunning tricks. The second child, Yoo Beomgyeong, was the same.

“Ahjumma, why is the soup so bland?”

“Exactly. Food’s flavor is everything, but Ahjumma, you can never get the seasoning right.”

“Father is too out of it to eat anyway, so make it more to the taste of those who are here. I’m starving from having to come so early in the morning.”

It was a scene that made one frown. Yoo Bokja and Yoo Beomgyeong acted as if Ichon-dong was their home.

The same was true at the dining table. Yoo Beomgyeong was already sitting at the head seat where Chairman Yoo usually sat, showing an audacity that could only be described as brazen.

Despite the misdeeds of these two siblings, Kang Hyun's father just ate silently with a stern face. Perhaps because of a previous altercation with Yoo Beomgyeong, neither of them spoke much.

After breakfast, Kang Hyun's father went to work, but Yoo Beomgyeong and Yoo Bokja stayed put as if they were glued to the spot. Yoo Bokja, with a sly mouth, approached the housekeeper Ahjumma and the youngest, Yoo Hyunja.

“Hyunja, go grocery shopping with Ahjumma for a bit. There wasn’t much to eat this morning. If you’re going to go anyway, it’s better to go early.”

It was as if they were issuing an order to leave. Not wanting to cause a scene while Chairman Yoo was bedridden, Kang Hyunja reluctantly vacated the place.

Just then, Yoo Beomgyeong, who had come out after checking on Chairman Yoo’s condition, nodded briefly and sprawled out on the living room sofa.

“Father is still out of it. Bokja, what are you going to do now?”

“What else? I’ll do whatever Oppa says. So, what’s the plan?”

The background of their alliance was this: they had received a proposal to sell shares to a foreign investment company called VH Company. Yoo Beomgyeong furrowed his brow as if deep in thought.

“Tikhonov, that Russian guy, says the commercialization of new materials is insufficient. He says it’s unlikely to proceed. While the eldest brother is obsessed with the company and won’t let go, we aren’t like that. If the new material development fails, we could end up like dogs chasing chickens.”

“I’m not attached to Dongju either. As long as we can set up a hospital for my husband, it’s fine. But wouldn’t it be better to sell to our big brother than to strangers?”

“You idiot, do you think the eldest brother will pay more than the foreigners? He’s just as stingy as Father. If we threaten to sell our shares to a foreign company, he’ll try to stop us. We need to sell before he gets the chance.”

Yoo Beomgyeong and Yoo Bokja didn’t have much attachment to Dongju Chemical, which their father had built up over his lifetime. They were more worried about the stock prices dropping due to the failure of new material development.

Just then, the morning news started playing on the TV in the living room.

[News: We have breaking news that a gold mine has been discovered in the Turpka region of Nepal by Barbara Mining, a subsidiary of the American Barbara Group. Although the exact distribution is yet to be investigated, experts estimate that it could be the world's richest gold vein, marking the end of the 20th century.]

The news of a gold vein discovered in a faraway country captivated Yoo Beomgyeong and Yoo Bokja, their eyes glued to the screen.

* * *

“Oppaaa―!”

Son Yooha’s face was full of excitement. Today was the day she was going to the amusement park with Kang Hyun.

On the other hand, Kang Hyun’s face was filled with unexpected tension. It was a place he had decided never to visit again after a previous experience in Korea.

Moreover, this amusement park was famous for its roller coaster that dropped vertically at a 90-degree angle.

“Boss, I’ll take good care of everything today.”

Manager Kim Sangguk, wearing sunglasses, said playfully. Son Yooha looked curiously between the two at the word 'boss,' but Kang Hyun didn’t offer any explanation.

Kim Sangguk had a reason for calling him 'boss.' He had been continuously surprised by Kang Hyun’s achievements.

Especially when he heard about the contract between Kang Hyun and Barbara Mining, he was stunned.

Barbara Mining was currently one of the hottest companies in America. Seeing Kang Hyun’s capabilities, it was fitting to call him 'boss.'

“Oppa, let’s go quickly―!”

Son Yooha pulled Kang Hyun’s hand as if she were a triumphant general. As always, Kang Hyun matched her enthusiasm and roamed around the park.

Having struggled alone in America for a long time, Kang Hyun wanted to give Son Yooha a day of fun.

However, he was still not accustomed to amusement rides.

“Yooha, shall we take a break and have some ice cream?”

“Hmm, okay, let’s do that.”

“Alright, I’ll go get the ice cream.”

As Kang Hyun stood up, Son Yooha quickly followed him. Manager Kim Sangguk watched the scene from a distance with a satisfied smile.

“Oppa, you got some ice cream here.”

“Where?”

“Hold still―!”

Smooch.

Sometimes, picturesque moments unfolded. These young kids, barely out of their teens, were reenacting scenes from high-teen movies.

Even Kim Sangguk, who knew nothing about love, felt his romantic feelings stir.

“I actually hate riding roller coasters, but being with Oppa makes it not scary at all.”

“Do you really hate them? You seemed fine in Korea last time.”

They say a woman’s heart is like a reed. Especially for a teenage girl, there could be countless reasons for riding a roller coaster.

Without expecting an answer, Kang Hyun sat in the roller coaster seat.

Of all seats, it had to be the front row. The roller coaster, which dropped vertically at a 90-degree angle, began to move.

Despite her words, Son Yooha felt her heart pounding wildly. At that moment, Kang Hyun held Yooha’s hand tightly, as if to say, "Don’t be afraid."

How much time had passed?

“Yooha is sleeping well.”

Son Yooha, having had a lot of fun throughout the day, had fallen asleep in the car on the way back. Naturally, she leaned against Kang Hyun's shoulder for comfort.

Like a baby dreaming, she occasionally smiled, as if she were having happy dreams.

At that moment, Kang Hyun, after a brief pause, spoke to Manager Kim Sangguk, who was driving.

“Manager Kim, have you ever met my uncles and aunts?”

“If you mean the children of Chairman Yoo’s family, I haven’t met them directly. I don’t have any connections with them.”

“Right?”

Kang Hyun nodded as if he had expected that. He had met Prime Minister Kim Sangguk while preparing for a political career, not knowing that he was a Daeil Group scholarship student. It made sense; Chairman Wang had personally nurtured the scholarship students.

“Manager Kim, when we return to Korea, I think you should meet my uncles and aunts.”

“The uncles and aunts?”

“Yes, it’s about time to cast the fishing line.”

Manager Kim glanced at the rearview mirror to see Kang Hyun with a mysterious smile.

* * *

Suddenly, I thought Grandpa would have made a good actor.

He was quite tall for his age group, and his facial features were well-defined and handsome in a Western way. Moreover, his voice had a unique gravitas.

Crucially, even now, he was performing a convincing act that fooled everyone.

“Grandpa.”

At my voice, Grandpa, who was lying on the bed, slowly opened his eyes. Despite being bedridden, his skin looked radiant.

Realizing that I was the only one in the room, he sat up.

“Hyun, when did you return from America?”

“I just got back. I was so eager to see you that I came straight here without even changing my clothes.”

“You rascal, I heard you met Yooha in New York?”

How on earth did word travel so fast that he knew I had met Yooha in New York? It was like trying to outrun Buddha’s palm.

Grandpa's eyes, lined with wrinkles, were filled with various emotions. He had experienced many things while bedridden.

“Your little uncle and aunt seem to be planning to sell Dongju. They think I’m really bedridden and have been saying all sorts of things, which makes me so angry I can’t stand it.”

“Why didn’t you get up and scold them like you used to?”

“You rascal, are you saying things you don’t mean? After enduring so much, if I got up now, it would all be for nothing.”

Well, the movie wasn’t over yet.

Grandpa was curious about what had happened in America. Especially about the lunch with the chairman of the Barbara Group.

His eyes were like those of a curious child. The story of meeting the Jewish chairman, who wielded immense power under the gold standard, must have sounded like Sinbad’s adventures from One Thousand and One Nights.

“You said you gave the Barbara chairman three reasons for the deal?”

“Yes, Grandpa.”

“Wow. Tell me quickly. I can’t stand the suspense.”

Grandpa seemed eager to know what wish I had made to the genie of the 'Barbara' magic lamp.

Coincidentally, there was a newspaper on Grandpa’s bedside table, with a headline boldly proclaiming ‘The Greatest Gold Vein of the 20th Century Discovered.’

* * *

“I have no intention of purchasing Dongju’s shares.”

It was like a bolt from the blue.

“What do you mean?”

“What do you think I mean?”

“You have no intention of buying Dongju’s shares?”

Yoo Beomgyeong’s face became quite desperate. He raised his voice enough to forget that they were in a hotel lobby.

Manager Kim Sangguk found the situation quite interesting. Who would have thought that VH Company’s real owner was Kang Hyun?

“It’s exactly as I said. Our representative has decided not to buy Dongju’s shares. I believe you know the reasons very well. The main reason is the risk of the new material development falling through.”

“Isn’t the representative making a mistake? Missing out on such a good investment opportunity because of such a minor issue…”

“Your words are harsh.”

As he put down his teacup with a sound, Yoo Beomgyeong quickly apologized.

The conversation continued in the same vein. When things weren’t going his way, Yoo Beomgyeong tried to bring up any shortcomings he could find with VH Company.

“Vice President Yoo, are you aware of the greatest gold vein discovered in the 20th century in Nepal?”

“Are you talking about the one discovered by Barbara Mining?”

“Yes. Barbara Mining is known for not accepting investment support. They have an endless source of funds. But this time, they made an exception and accepted investment from one external company. That company is VH Company.”

Yoo Beomgyeong’s eyes widened in shock. He had thought VH Company was an empty shell, but it turned out to be a golden goose.

If what Kim Sangguk said was true, he was the one who should be desperate now.

“Sorry, but can I meet the representative directly?”

“The representative?”

“Yes, I have something important to discuss with him. I’m sure he will find it interesting.”

At that moment, Yoo Beomgyeong grabbed Kim Sangguk’s hands, as if not wanting to let go.

Kim Sangguk felt that Yoo Beomgyeong’s hands had no calluses. Hands that had never known hardship, like those of a child wrapped in the skirts of luxury.

Moreover…

‘Finds it interesting.’

Old habits die hard. What he found interesting was undoubtedly a document leaking Dongju’s confidential information.

Kim Sangguk was inwardly impressed. Yoo Beomgyeong’s actions were exactly as Kang Hyun had described.

It was like watching a scene play out exactly as imagined. What kind of blueprint did Kang Hyun have in his mind?

“Understood. I’ll arrange a meeting.”

“Pardon?”

“Then, Vice President Yoo, you can meet the representative directly.”

Now, whether it’s a small fish or a big catch, it’s time to reel in the fishing line.