---
title: Chapter 153
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:33
tags:
---


“Mr. Spencer can't make it?” 

The teacup was placed with a sound. The reception room was filled with the rich and smooth fragrance of a tea called Rose Queen. 

Queen Elizabeth II of England had a puzzled look on her face. 

The Queen enjoyed classical music very much beyond just socializing. She had a special fondness for the London Symphony's performances, specifically because of Maestro Spencer. 

The Queen was also an avid fan of his. 

“I understand that his shoulder condition is quite severe. His physician says it’s so serious that he needs immediate surgery. Considering that he has been conducting for decades, it’s somewhat expected.” 

“What a pity. Make sure the Crown Prince pays special attention to this. Mr. Spencer is not only a dear friend of the Crown Prince but also a treasure of London.”

Samuel knew why his mother held Spencer in such high regard. 

When his elder brother, who originally had the next-in-line claim to the throne, gave up his position due to a scandal, his mother was deeply troubled. The only thing that consoled her weary heart was the performances of the London Symphony. 

“Your Highness, what will happen to the upcoming royal performance?” 

“We plan to proceed with the London Symphony as originally scheduled.” 

“And the conductor?” 

The Queen’s brow furrowed. She knew that the members of the London Symphony were outstanding musicians, but the position of Maestro was vacant. In other words, it was like a red bean bread without the red bean paste. 

“Currently, Maestro Spencer is personally selecting conductors. He’s evaluating emerging conductors from Asia, America, and Europe.” 

“Emerging conductors?” 

“Yes, to greet the upcoming millennium, the Maestro is looking for a new face for the London Symphony. The results should be out by now.” 

The Queen licked her dry lips regretfully. But there was nothing she could do. 

Time is unkind to everyone. Just as she would eventually have to step down from the throne, Spencer would also have to lay down the baton someday. 

She wanted to ask him to conduct the royal performance out of sheer desire, but she knew it would be disrespectful to ask him to continue conducting with an injured shoulder. 

“Your Highness, is there an emerging conductor you have in mind?” 

To the Queen’s question, 

“Yes, there is one.” 

Samuel replied without hesitation. 

The first meeting was with an Asian boy, but the second meeting was with Hyun, who faced him as a violinist. 

Samuel took a sip from his teacup cheerfully. He hoped that the third meeting would be as a world-renowned young Maestro. 

* * *

“Changing the symphony?” 

“Hyun, we plan to use your piece.” 

“Pardon?” 

Kang Hyun's face showed confusion. He wasn't as surprised when he was called out after the final audition. 

The Maestro's face remained calm, as if to question why he was surprised. 

“Maestro, it’s a piece that hasn’t even premiered yet.” 

“I know.” 

“Premiering an unverified symphony at a royal performance?” 

The significance of a premiere to a composer is immense. Moreover, it was the first symphony Kang Hyun had ever composed. 

No one knew what melodies would actually resonate. He was more worried about causing trouble than lacking confidence. 

But the Maestro’s thoughts were entirely different. 

“Hyun, do you lack confidence?” 

“No, that's not it.” 

“Then it’s settled. The moment I received your score, I thought about performing this symphony at the upcoming royal celebration. I’ve already discussed it with the concertmaster. In fact, Dmitri was more excited than I was. He was the first to review your symphony, so naturally.” 

The Maestro spoke as if it were obvious. Dmitri’s claim that he was shocked upon receiving the score was no lie. 

The Maestro himself was equally astonished upon seeing Kang Hyun’s score. After the astonishment came a deep excitement, akin to how the contemporaries of Beethoven might have felt upon first seeing his scores. 

“After watching the final audition, I was convinced it was you. The other two candidates also clearly demonstrated their capabilities as conductors, but as someone said, the competition was just not favorable.” 

Miles from America and Matthew from Europe displayed an impressive level of conducting, unexpected for emerging conductors. 

Their continuous excellent conducting made British musicians in the concert hall nod their heads in approval. 

But Kang Hyun, the last candidate, was on a different level. 

From his initial appearance, he captured the audience’s attention, and the moment his baton, made from olive wood, sliced through the air, the London Symphony produced a distinctive melody. 

“Not just anyone can conduct like that in front of numerous audiences. Especially, the heightened effect of the strings section in the later movements made it sound like a completely different piece from the previous symphony. The standing ovation from the audience after all the movements showed pure respect for you as a musician.” 

It was a magnificent sight. As the baton lowered and the symphony ended, the British musicians filling the concert hall rose one by one to applaud. 

Their faces were filled with excitement and anticipation. 

The notion that an orchestra should be calm and quiet is a misconception. It’s only natural to greet those who present moving melodies with enthusiastic and fervent applause. 

Kang Hyun looked at the Maestro helplessly. 

“Maestro, with due respect, did you get the royal approval?” 

“For the royal performance, the symphony to be played is primarily chosen by me. Of course, the royal approval is necessary, but that’s something I can handle by explaining it directly to the royal family. Hyun, do you understand the significance of this upcoming royal performance?” 

“Yes, I understand.” 

There’s a saying that the Queen of England has two birthdays. One is her actual birthday, and the second, the official royal birthday, is the second Saturday in June. 

In the past, King George II’s birthday was in November, but it was too cold for a party, so they moved it to June. That tradition has continued. 

Coincidentally, the direct heir to the throne was born in November, like George II, and a banquet was created to celebrate this. 

“The entire nation of England will be celebrating. It’s not an exaggeration to say the whole country will be excited. You will be leading that celebration. In a way, it might have been destined from the moment you started composing that symphony.” 

The Maestro gave a faint smile. Despite the heavy burden that must have weighed on his shoulders, Kang Hyun showed no sign of tension. 

The premieres of timeless masterpieces are always engraved in history. 

Just as it was for Mozart, Beethoven, and Bach, so it will be for Kang Hyun’s symphony. 

* * *

“Is there an 8-hour time difference with England?” 

Late in the evening, the mansion in Ichon-dong was filled with people. 

Not only the grandfather, but also Chairman Wang, Kang Hyun’s parents, President Son Ilsung and Director Im Hyera, and even Dr. Tikhonov were present. 

The reason for their gathering was simple. 

“Old man, I never thought I’d see a royal celebration performance live on terrestrial TV. And to think the royal annex looked like that. It’s as grand as any concert hall.” 

“Who would’ve thought, I’m still confused whether it’s a dream or reality.” 

“Come to think of it, Hyun is truly remarkable. Just now, while coming to Ichon-dong, I didn’t see a single car on the road.” 

It was likely because Kang Hyun was conducting the royal performance in England. 

When the London Symphony announced this a month ago, the Korean media was on fire. 

Especially, the significance of a royal performance for a conductor was immense in the classical music world. It was hard to believe that a 17-year-old was the conductor. 

The fact that terrestrial TV signed a contract with BBC to broadcast the royal celebration performance live was unprecedented. 

As the time for the live broadcast of the royal performance approached, the roads in Seoul and across the country became deserted, reminiscent of the final episode of the popular drama “Sandglass.” 

“Dear, I heard that Hyun’s role as the conductor is a huge deal?” 

“Yes, Father. Don’t even mention it. The record companies are even talking about producing more initial volumes of Hyun’s solo recital album. Music reporters are comparing a conductor performing at a royal event to winning a gold medal at the Olympics. You can’t imagine how many calls we’ve received in the past month.” 

Chairman Wang smiled contentedly and turned to hold Chairman Yoo’s hand. 

“In-law, no matter how you look at it, our granddaughter-in-law is truly exceptional. By now, your granddaughter-in-law must be watching the broadcast in America.” 

It had become so customary for the grandfathers to call each other in-laws. Just then, 

“There’s our grandson-in-law—!” 

Chairman Wang raised his voice cheerfully, pointing at the screen. On the screen, Kang Hyun, dressed in a tailcoat, appeared. 

Everyone clenched their hands in tension. Yet, a peculiar sense of elation and excitement filled the air. 

Seeing Kang Hyun, they couldn't help but feel that way. Despite numerous cameras, his gaze didn’t waver, and his stride exuded elegance. Like a distinguished Maestro. 

* * *

- Hyun, it’s your time now. 

Kang Hyun suddenly remembered Spencer’s advice to him. It must have been a brief expression of the weight of being a conductor responsible for countless members. 

The royal annex of the British royal family was decorated like one of the world’s leading concert halls. Before the festival began, it was a place to pray for the eternal peace and blessing of the royal family. 

Thud. 

As Kang Hyun walked towards the stage, soft sunlight poured down on him. The members stood up solemnly to greet him. 

His tailcoat fluttered as Kang Hyun’s gaze turned to the audience. 

Leading the audience was the Queen of England, followed by the familiar Crown Prince Samuel, and numerous renowned British figures adorned the scene. 

All of them held significant positions in England. Kang Hyun bowed his head gracefully towards the Queen. 

After a round of curious applause for the young Maestro, his tailcoat fluttered again. 

‘Are you ready?’ 

Without speaking, Kang Hyun had become adept at communicating with the members through mere eye contact. 

They had spent a month living and rehearsing the symphony together countless times. 

Yet, considering the large-scale arrangement, the first conduct was bound to be burdensome. With a mixed four-part choir present, it was a composition that one wouldn’t dare attempt without substantial conducting experience. 

But Kang Hyun was different. Did you think he’d be a bit nervous? Not at all. Look at those intense eyes. They burn as if they’ve been waiting for this day. 

Gang Hyun Symphony No.1 

The moment the tip of the baton sharply sliced through the air, a majestic hymn began to resonate. 

The harmony of the horns and the tremolo of the strings signaled the beginning of the piece. 

The melody gradually rose, expressing a small heartbeat. 

Kang Hyun’s eyes scanned every single member, and the baton sliced through the melody as if penetrating deep within. 

The audience’s faces turned red with rising excitement, much like the powerful resonance of the percussion. 

Thud, thud, thud—! 

It felt as if their hearts were being grasped and shaken. 

As the conductor’s shoulders trembled and his elbows to fingertips moved, the grand orchestra played, making the audience feel a burning thirst. 

It was a piece that didn’t follow the classic symphonic form. 

The grand rising melody melted away like snow and then rapidly shifted to a fast minor key with the signal of powerful percussion, making not only the audience but also the members’ foreheads bead with sweat. 

When the movement passed and the audience’s hearts were endlessly pounded, Kang Hyun’s left hand drew a straight line in the air and clenched his fist at the end, causing the orchestra to slow down again. 

Just when everyone was puzzled, a grand shout from the choir echoed. 

Reach for the sun, reach for the sun, like a rising dream—! 

A majestic song began from Kang Hyun’s fingertips. It was a clear and grand high note without a single noise. 

The audience held their breath, captivated by the sight and sound. Numerous cameras captured this spectacle without missing a beat. 

Celebrating the birth of a new conductor.