---
title: Chapter 158
date: 2024-07-02 00:02:38
tags:
---


Gang Hyun Violin Concertos No.3

A beautiful melody resonates in the conductor's room of the London Symphony.

As the orchestral musicians strongly play the main harmony, the viola starts a low and slow accompaniment.

At the moment when the ripples form as if a breeze flies over a calm lakeside, the solo violin appears.

Allegro Aperto, as the musical term suggests, it is a melody that clearly asserts its presence.

It is a mesmerizing melody that captivates the ears, as if there were a fairy by the lakeside.

“Maestro.”

The concertmaster Dmitry, who had arrived unnoticed, interrupted Spencer's reverie. It must mean that rehearsal time had already arrived. Unfortunately, Spencer had to stop listening to Kang Hyun's violin concerto here.

“Maestro, if it's not too much trouble, could we take an additional thirty-minute break?”

“Why is that?”

“Principal cellist Emanuel has a stomachache.”

Spencer nodded as if there was no choice. It wasn't unwelcome news; although he felt sorry for Emanuel, he now had more time to immerse himself in Kang Hyun's piece.

As the melody filled the room again from the CDP, Dmitry also fell into appreciation.

As the piece neared its end, Dmitry spoke up.

“Every time I hear it, it always feels like a piece that draws people in.”

“Isn't it?”

Even Dmitry, known for his cold and critical evaluations, was captivated by it. It wasn't just Dmitry.

Kang Hyun's first album was uniquely composed of various pieces. Not only solo pieces but also concertos, and even the final symphony. Moreover, all of them were original compositions.

The news of the release of such an unprecedented album was enough to excite classical music fans worldwide.

Moreover, Kang Hyun's album won the Gramophone Award for Album of the Year in its first year of release and simultaneously won prestigious awards like the CanClassic and Moramophone.

Two years ago, right after the royal performance, Gramophone had said that the 16-year-old Kang Hyun was a classical star the world should pay attention to, so there's no need to say more.

“I wish I could bring him to England right now.”

“Maestro, I feel the same. Honestly, if it wasn't for the promise that he would decide after becoming an adult, I would have brought him to the Symphony by any means necessary. You know, Germany is also coveting him. I even wish he would find his fiancée in England and settle down.”

“Fiancée.”

Spencer remembered the girl etched in his memory. As Spencer smiled faintly, Dmitry also recalled the girl.

Wasn't she the girl who, in the past, not only brought supper but also diligently watched every performance for Hyun?

In a way, Dmitry's words had very little chance of coming true. After all, his fiancée was already by his side.

* * *

A stillness descended on the scene, like a lioness appearing on the African savannah teeming with hyenas.

Her cat-like eyes, long black hair contrasting with her alabaster skin, were reminiscent of the Ice Queen from her past life.

“Oppa?”

At that moment, Son Yooha called out to me, staring intently.

“It's been a while. But Oppa, you've grown so tall.”

Son Yooha raised her hand to compare her height with mine. My height had grown so much that her head barely reached my shoulder.

She looked up at me, her gaze so regal and provocative that we almost bumped faces.

At that moment,

“Excuse me, guests in the second banquet hall, please move to the first banquet hall now.”

The dignified manager announced the end of the adults' time, and Son Yooha regretfully brushed her lips and stepped back.

As Yooha and I walked ahead, it was rare to find another chaebol third generation walking alongside us.

After all, even the veterans of Jeil Trading, who had been through many ups and downs, were obedient in front of the Ice Queen.

“Yooha, do you remember playing the violin at the gatherings when you were little? Your grandfather still vividly remembers our granddaughter’s performance whenever he comes here.”

“It’s a bit blurry because I was so young. But I clearly remember Grandpa smiling.”

“Then what about Hyun playing the violin?”

Son Yooha responded with a faint smile. They say a woman's heart is like a reed, and it seems they weren’t wrong.

I wondered if she was sulking with me like before, but it didn’t seem to be the case. There seemed to be a subtle change in her atmosphere, as if a barrier had formed around her, but now she seemed much more relaxed.

The heart of an adolescent girl can change dozens of times a day, and she was just like that now.

“By the way, Yooha, how is Noah?”

At that moment, Son Ilsung looked at Yooha and asked. Noah?

“I’ve met him a few times, and he’s okay so far.”

“He has a calm personality and is a talented individual, so there’s nothing to worry about.”

What was this about? Even if they were chaebols, matchmaking already? And with a foreigner, no less?

What shocked me more was Yooha’s reaction. She didn’t seem to dislike Noah that much. Just as my face was about to be filled with bewilderment,

“Finding someone who can provide both security and personal lessons is rare. Especially someone as perfect as Noah. He even worked for the FBI, so I hope he meets your expectations, Yooha.”

“Yes, Father.”

The misunderstanding was resolved as if an entangled knot was untied. But somewhere, I felt a persistent gaze.

Chairman Wang, sitting across from me, was looking at me with a peculiar smile, as if he had seen my flushed face.

I awkwardly smiled back and picked up my water glass to quench my thirst.

“Yooha, where do you plan to go for college?”

“I haven’t decided yet. I might go somewhere other than the U.S.”

“Chairman Yoo, Hyun might study abroad in England, right?”

Until the end of the meal, Son Yooha chatted with the adults and occasionally smiled but never looked at me.

In my past life, I was called a tough guy, but if there was one thing I was clumsy at, it was romance.

It was a predictable outcome. I had never had a proper romance, so how could I understand a woman’s heart?

As the chaebol third-generation banquet ended, the heads of the groups approached Chairman Wang one by one, bowing and greeting him.

Until then, Son Yooha silently stayed by Chairman Wang’s side and didn’t say a word to me. Her seemingly cold demeanor made me feel stifled.

Eventually, after sharing familiar stories with the founders, Chairman Wang subtly turned his head toward me. But his eyes were peculiar.

‘Kid, are you anxious? Hahaha.’

It seemed as if he was saying that.

* * *

“Junghoon, Andante Cantabile―!”

Moscow's summer is accompanied by a cold breeze under the prolonged sunlight. Baek Junghoon, holding the baton, had beads of sweat forming on his forehead.

The person playing the piano in place of the orchestra was none other than Maestro Maxim Ivanov, known as a master in the conducting world.

The reason he was mentoring Baek Junghoon, who was renowned not only in Russia but around the world, was simple.

“Softer―!”

It was because he saw a talent in Baek Junghoon that he hadn't seen in others. Two years ago, Baek Junghoon had abruptly sought him out, asking to be taught conducting.

Maxim was aware that the reason Baek Junghoon, who had blossomed as a pianist early on, suddenly turned to conducting was due to an illness. But tendonitis isn't an incurable disease, is it?

If Baek Junghoon had no talent for conducting, Maxim would have flatly refused, but Baek Junghoon’s skills far exceeded Maxim’s expectations.

“Good, just like that―!”

Even Maxim, known for not showing much expression, had a deep smile on his face. Guiding Baek Junghoon in conducting made him feel like he was reliving his prime.

It was while they were having a casual conversation after finishing the guidance.

“Junghoon, you mentioned you have a violinist friend named Hyun, right?”

“Yes, Maestro.”

“Does he have any upcoming activities? If he participates in the international competition in Germany, you might compete against him.”

Maxim knew Kang Hyun well. Not as a violinist, but as a conductor. Didn't he make a spectacular debut at the royal performance in England?

Looking back, it was like a legend. It must have been similar to the young Mozart performing in front of the Queen at the Schönbrunn Palace.

“I think he’s planning a recital.”

“A recital?”

“Yes, this time as a violinist.”

Maxim looked puzzled. Many conductors start as pianists.

But most conductors, once they pick up the baton, don't handle their previous instruments well. Even if they do both, at some point, they tend to focus only on conducting.

After all, it's hard enough to focus on just one thing. Especially when it’s crucial to concentrate and focus from a young age.

“I heard that he wasn’t very interested in the international competition.”

“From what I know, he was the youngest winner of the Queen Elisabeth Competition. I thought he would be very ambitious about competitions.”

“The reason he participated in the Queen Elisabeth Competition wasn’t so much for the competition itself.”

Baek Junghoon remembered how surprised he was when Kang Hyun told him he joined the competition to get a military exemption.

Of course, he said he forgot about that part during the competition, and the experience became invaluable, but still.

At that moment, Maxim nodded and asked again.

“But what’s this about a violin recital? Is he planning to stop conducting?”

Baek Junghoon envisioned Kang Hyun in his mind. Just imagining the mystical boy brought a gentle smile to his face.

Baek Junghoon looked at his mentor, who was raising his white eyebrows in curiosity.

“He won’t give up on either.”

* * *

Zing―!

A strong high note reached the ceiling. While practicing his original composition for the upcoming recital, something was troubling him.

Whenever he thought of Son Yooha’s face, his mind became unsettled. He had never felt this way before, making him anxious and uneasy.

Ting!

At that moment, a string broke with a sharp sound. It must have been because he unknowingly gripped the bow with too much force.

The uneasy feeling was like a tidal wave crashing in. The practice violin was groaning under the strain.

Ting―!

Another string broke. The bow was sharply bowing over the strings. If he let go even a little, the tension would cause both the bridge and the bow to snap.

With only the G string left, the melody was still incredibly captivating. It was like a single rose blooming in a sea of anxiety.

At that moment,

“Oppa.”

Startled by the sudden voice, he turned his head and saw Yooha sitting there. How long had she been there? As if to answer his question, Yooha spoke.

“I knocked earlier, but there was no response, so I came in. You’re not mad, right?”

“Uh, yeah.”

“But why does the melody sound like that? It’s beautiful, but it feels prickly.”

Was it because she studied social classical music, or could she read his mind?

“Is it because you’re playing without confidence?”

“Confidence?”

Son Yooha got up and walked towards him. She had grown considerably, almost as tall as him.

He couldn’t help but think many thoughts as he looked at this girl. Is it true that the mind follows the body? At this moment, all he could see was Son Yooha.

“What’s making you so uneasy?”

To her question,

“You are.”

He answered without hesitation.

“Are you sure?”

“I’m sure.”

Finally, Son Yooha, who had been acting like a proud cat, half-closed her eyes and smiled as she used to.