---
title: Chapter 18
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:18
tags:
---


[Document(page_content='Lee Wanyong.\n\nThe epitome of a traitor. If you are a South Korean citizen, you cannot help but know about this national traitor. His treasonous acts, which are unforgivable even in death, are still frequently mentioned half a century later. Even if people do not know the names of the other members of the Eulsa Five Traitors, even elementary school students know Lee Wanyong.\n\nJeon Hanyong.\n\nA person who would later be called Jeon Wanyong at the Western District Prosecutor's Office.\n\nCaught leaking domestic industrial technology abroad, some even called him the Lee Wanyong of the 21st century.\n\nWith his slick appearance, if he had a beard, he would somewhat resemble Lee Wanyong.\n\nHis face and real name were not revealed publicly, so if you were not a member of the prosecutor's office, you would not have known his face.\n\n‘Is this a joke of fate?’\n\nWho knew my past life as a prosecutor would come in handy like this.\n\n"Hyun, what are you thinking so deeply about?"\n\nGrandfather asked as he saw me staring blankly out the car window.\n\nWhat should I say?\n\nShould I tell him there's a bastard in his company who is second to Lee Wanyong? Would he even believe me?\n\nNo way, if I said that out of the blue, I'd just be treated like a madman.\n\n"I was just thinking about what kind of food the lady will make for dinner tonight."\n\n"Hoho, this kid."\n\nKang Hyun, who usually acted more mature than his age, finally looked like a child his age.\n\n"It would have been nice if your mother could have stayed a bit longer."\n\nThere was a deep regret in Grandfather's eyes.\n\nMother had gone down to the countryside to be with Father, but she hadn't given a definite answer to Grandfather yet. I understood, as she chose love over material possessions even in her past life.\n\n‘I can't let Dongju fall apart like this.’\n\nNow that I've discovered the cancerous lump, I can't just stand by and watch.\n\n* * *\n\n"Father, you're here!"\n\nAs we entered the mansion, my uncle came out to greet us. Even though he should be lying low, he was strutting around like this, hastening his own doom.\n\nGrandfather's brows furrowed instantly. The company had suffered significant energy loss cleaning up after my uncle's messes.\n\n‘Family-run management.’\n\nIsn't it practically hereditary succession? If he had any ability, it might be different, but he had none. All he did was tarnish the reputation of Dongju, which Grandfather had built up over his lifetime. If Grandfather were any younger, he might've thrown a punch instead of just scolding him.\n\n"What are you doing here?"\n\nGrandfather's voice was filled with anger.\n\n"Father, your birthday is coming up soon. Seoyeon's mother went shopping herself to make your favorite dishes. Seoyeon cried so much saying she wanted to see Grandfather."\n\nMy uncle was quick-witted at times like this. But a baby who couldn't even speak properly crying to see Grandfather?\n\nGrandfather's sharp gaze made my uncle sweat profusely.\n\nShuffle.\n\nAs Grandfather walked away without saying a word, my uncle hurriedly followed him. He looked as uneasy as a dog needing to relieve itself.\n\n"Father, please try this."\n\nAt dinner, my aunt was being overly attentive. She tried to act like a filial daughter-in-law, but she had never even gotten her hands wet from doing dishes. Everything she did seemed awkward, like wearing ill-fitting clothes.\n\nAt this point, I felt sorry for the housekeeper. Recently, my aunt and uncle had been coming by so often that they left the kitchen in a mess.\n\n"Auntie, if there’s any leftover marinated crab, please bring some out. The ones Hyunja made."\n\nBefore Mother went down to the countryside, she had made marinated crab for Grandfather. He ate it at almost every meal without getting tired of it.\n\n"Father, please try the ribs Seoyeon's mom made too."\n\nMy uncle spoke up thoughtlessly at that moment.\n\nClatter.\n\nAs Grandfather put his chopsticks down loudly, a tense silence fell over the table.\n\n"Beom-gyeong."\n\nGrandfather called my uncle's name softly. Sweat beads formed on my uncle's back.\n\n"What face do you dare show here?"\n\nMy uncle's face showed clear signs of distress. Grandfather's attitude had significantly changed.\n\nMoreover, Chairman Wang's third son, a close friend of Grandfather, was living as a jobless man due to his lack of ability. There was no rule that my uncle couldn't end up the same way.\n\n"Father, it was a mistake. I can handle that issue well...!"\n\nMy uncle stopped mid-sentence, swallowing his breath at Grandfather's glare. If he said another word, a bowl might have been thrown at his face.\n\nGrandfather glared at my uncle before standing up.\n\n"Do not show your face at the company from tomorrow."\n\nIt was the moment my uncle's nameplate disappeared.\n\n* * *\n\nAs the full moon deepened,\n\nGrandfather's face was filled with worry.\n\nThough he had driven out my uncle and his wife, his heart was troubled.\n\nThe Dongju he had built over his lifetime was cracking. His remaining days were few, yet the children he considered successors were all acting foolishly.\n\n"Grandfather, are you okay?"\n\nAt that moment, Kang Hyun cautiously approached Grandfather. His grandson, wise beyond his years, resembled his mother. Looking at such a grandson even calmed his troubled heart.\n\n"Hoho. Does it show that much on my face?"\n\nHis grandson had always observed his work at the company. Given his intelligence, he couldn't be unaware of the company's atmosphere.\n\n"Is it because of Uncle?"\n\nSuch a smart child. If only he were an adult instead of 14, he could have been nurtured to take a central role at Dongju.\n\n"Hyun, there's no need to worry. This old man will handle everything."\n\nGrandfather had experienced countless ups and downs while building the company. There had been people who embezzled and stole materials. But as he aged, he became more fearful.\n\nWhat would happen to Dongju once he was gone?\n\n"Grandfather, mold does not grow in just one spot."\n\nWhat did he mean by that?\n\nGrandfather looked at Kang Hyun with curiosity and doubt.\n\n"When you run a laundry, you come across many clothes. Sometimes you encounter clothes with linings covered in mold. The owner only cared about the mold on the outside, unaware it had spread to the lining. Even though it's the same piece of clothing."\n\nA series of somewhat cryptic words.\n\nMy uncle's field was related to new material development. Developing new materials was a stepping stone to new business areas. But it was shaky from the bottom.\n\nCould the higher-ups be safe? They were probably people connected through my uncle's network.\n\nNo way.\n\nAs Grandfather's suspicions reached a certain individual,\n\nhe looked at Kang Hyun with astonished eyes. Could this child really be seeing through everything? However, Kang Hyun was casually sipping his orange juice as if nothing had happened.\n\n* * *\n\n"Maestro."\n\nConcertmaster Dmitry cautiously approached Spencer. The nerve-wracking rehearsal had just ended. But the concertmaster's job was not over.\n\nAs the concertmaster, he had the duty to oversee all the orchestra members in place of the conductor.\n\nEspecially, the techniques and directions of the string section were entirely in the hands of the concertmaster.\n\nOf course, none of this would be possible without the trust between the concertmaster and the conductor.\n\n"Gilbert has asked for one more chance."\n\nSpencer's brow furrowed. Gilbert, the assistant principal horn player, had issues with breath control, likely due to drinking the night before.\n\n"What did you do?"\n\n"I told him not to come from tomorrow."\n\nSpencer nodded briefly. Dmitry was indeed the concertmaster who understood him best.\n\nBecoming a member of the orchestra required immense effort. Especially to rise to the position of assistant principal in a world-renowned orchestra like the London Symphony, one needed unimaginable talent and effort.\n\n"A mistake that can't be corrected will lead to another mistake."\n\nSpencer's perfectionist nature did not tolerate mistakes. Hence, the London Symphony Orchestra members always performed with their hearts in their throats.\n\nBut playing under such a great conductor meant they were considered world-class musicians wherever they went.\n\n"Maestro. Some Asian countries have requested an internal performance from the London Symphony Orchestra."\n\nAsian countries?\n\n"South Korea and Japan."\n\nThe mention of South Korea perked up Spencer's ears. He recalled his friend Samuel's words.\n\n‘A prodigy, huh.’\n\nBut he quickly shook his head. Asia was practically a barren land for classical music. Japan was slightly better off.\n\nAlthough the London Symphony chose its performance locations, the chief conductor's influence could not be ignored. Especially, Spencer's decisions were practically representative of the London Symphony.\n\nAt that moment.\n\n"Spencer, I'm here."\n\nA familiar voice came from beyond the door.\n\n"You?"\n\nSamuel's appearance made Dmitry bow and leave the room. Everyone in England knew who he was.\n\nSpencer stood up, puzzled by his friend's sudden visit.\n\n"You mentioned Korea, didn't you?"\n\n"I rushed over because I wanted to see you. I knew you'd be practicing through the night."\n\nSamuel had come to see him immediately after arriving at the airport. While Spencer was glad to see him, he also felt uneasy. His friend wouldn't do this without a reason.\n\n"Look at this."\n\nAs expected.\n\nSamuel pulled out a videotape from his coat. No way.\n\n"Is this related to that prodigy you mentioned?"\n\nJust hearing the word "prodigy" made Spencer sick. The so-called prodigies in the world were mostly imitators of Mozart.\n\n"No, thanks. I don't want to see or hear about such worthless things. Let's go have brunch instead."\n\nWith every day being too short to eat and sleep, Spencer's nerves were at their peak as the performance day approached. Watching a videotape of an unknown child when he was already exhausted?\n\nHad it been anyone other than Samuel, Spencer would have cursed them out.\n\n"Just once!"\n\nSamuel nodded earnestly at Spencer. A look of curiosity and doubt filled Spencer's eyes. Samuel normally would have given up by now.\n\n"Just once. Don't waste any more of my time."\n\nWith a deep sigh that seemed to fill the room, Spencer sat back down.\n\nSamuel hurriedly inserted the tape into the video player, which was normally used to review performance recordings. Soon, the tape began to play amidst a moment of silence.\n\nA young boy stood on the stage with a violin. Was he even 10 years old? He looked quite young.\n\nAt that moment.\n\nThe boy picked up the violin. And.\n\nHis posture was quite natural, like flowing water.\n\nBuzz.\n\nHow much time had passed? Spencer leaned forward, staring intently at the screen. His hands were sweating.\n\nBuzz.\n\nAs the final note resonated, Spencer swallowed hard. His face showed a whirlwind of emotions.\n\nThis was unbelievable. He couldn't even accurately judge what he had just witnessed.\n\n"What do you think?"\n\nAt Samuel's cautious question,\n\nSpencer slowly opened his eyes, which he had just closed. His gaze remained fixed on the now dark screen where the boy had been.\n\nThough Spencer didn't believe in the term "prodigy," he couldn't help it this time. His racing heart was proof.\n\n"Is this boy in Korea?"\n\nIt was the moment the London Symphony's next performance was chosen to be in South Korea.\n', metadata={'source': 'source/18.txt'})]