---
title: Chapter 182
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:02
tags:
---


"Are you not planning to see your disciple's performance?"

To Maksim, Jeonghun was his only favored disciple.

"My presence in the audience won't change anything. The one who needs to break the barrier is the child himself."

Maksim Ivanov took a sip from his teacup.

Alexei, the director of the Moscow Conservatory sitting across from him, nodded briefly. There was nothing wrong with what he said. At that moment...

"Alexei, I never believed in the word 'talent' from the start. To praise someone with the word 'talent' is a gross insult to them. Legendary musicians who made history must have felt the same way. They reached their positions through endless effort, yet others dismissed them as merely being born with genius."

Alexei understood Maksim's words. Many musicians had their efforts belittled by the word 'talent.'

Maksim was no exception. Despite being a renowned maestro in Russia and globally, no one knew exactly how much effort he had put in. But most referred to him with the word 'genius.'

"Do you know why I accepted Jeonghun as my disciple?"

"I've always been curious. I never thought a self-centered and egotistical person like you would take on a disciple. I never dreamed you would become such a dedicated teacher for a disciple. What’s the reason?"

"Because I saw despair in his eyes."

Maksim accepted the young Asian man who came to him without hesitation.

The reason was simple. He saw despair and endless earnestness in his brown eyes.

"Despair turns into earnestness, and earnestness rebirths into endless effort. Baek Jeonghun was the conductor I had been looking for. Even if his fingertips split or his shoulders dislocated, the boy never stopped practicing. To him, Kang Hyun must have been an insurmountable wall, just as I despaired looking at Empress Karas in my youth."

Maksim showed a faint smile. It was a memory that had faded like an old black-and-white photograph, but the moment he saw Karas’s conducting, it was a series of colorful shocks.

Baek Jeonghun, who faced Kang Hyun, would be no different.

"Alexei, isn't it strange?"

“What do you mean?”

"So many musicians are flocking to a small country in Asia, once considered a wasteland for classical music. In the past, it was unthinkable. The fact that young Asian maestros are heralding a new era."

At that moment, an unknown bird flying high in the sky made a great turn, as if responding.

* * *

Brahms, Symphony No. 4 in E Minor

As Baek Jeonghun raised his baton, the string section simultaneously drew their bows in the same direction.

The grand melody where strings and bows met was raising the curtain of the prelude.

Even the same symphony can change its character depending on the conductor's disposition.

For example, the chill as if walking on a knife's edge made the audience gulp.

Brahms’ fourth and final symphony.

Like the musical term "Allegro non troppo," meaning fast but not too much, Baek Jeonghun's fingertips gently caressed the ensemble.

The sound of the cello and horn was endlessly deep, as if gazing into the depths of a submerged ocean.

In the continuous theme composed of descending thirds and ascending sixths, the audience felt sweat forming in their palms.

At that moment,

Baek Jeonghun's conducting began to sharply cut through the air.

The submerged melody rose again, following Baek Jeonghun’s conducting.

It was a conducting without a moment's hesitation.

As the pitch rose, Baek Jeonghun’s conducting was as sharp as the tip of an ash tree imbued with the spirit of the harsh Moscow winter.

'What on earth.'

Young Russian conductor Vasily felt a shiver run through his body as he watched Baek Jeonghun's conducting.

Wasn't this Brahms’ last symphony and masterpiece, Symphony No. 4 in E minor?

Baek Jeonghun, with calm eyes, stood like a giant tree, unshaken by any storm.

Could this be how the audience felt during the premiere of Brahms’s symphony?

Gulp.

The other conductors in the audience felt the same. They were already entranced by Baek Jeonghun’s conducting.

They were not looking at him with evaluative eyes. They all looked at Baek Jeonghun with eyes that seemed to be drawn into the stage as mere audience members. At that moment,

a melancholy melody played, as if to cool the rising excitement.

Starting with the horn and woodwinds, the sound using the Phrygian mode resonated predominantly, and when combined with the strings using the pizzicato technique, it created a dreamy and mysterious atmosphere, as if walking on clouds.

"The Iron-blooded Maestro."

Kang Hyun muttered softly.

From the brown-screen in the backstage waiting room, Baek Jeonghun's figure was clearly visible.

Baek Jeonghun, raising the submerged melody to add a dreamy mystery, could only be described as beautiful.

The sight of him, who had once moaned, blocked by an invisible wall, was nowhere to be seen.

His sharp conducting, continuing the end of the melody with calm eyes, was indeed that of an Iron-blooded Maestro. At that moment,

the melody, which had been oscillating between dreaminess, rose again like a surging wave.

As Baek Jeonghun's shoulders moved strongly, the tip of the ash tree sharply cut through the air. The rising wave became an emotional surge and a tidal wave that overwhelmed the audience.

The ensemble seemed to be desperately trying not to miss Baek Jeonghun's conducting.

Just by looking at the thick sweat beads on the concertmaster's forehead, one could see how tense they were.

If they made even a small mistake, Baek Jeonghun's calm eyes followed the fingertips of the ensemble members.

Even the instruments seemed to move as if receiving instructions from Baek Jeonghun, moving as precisely as if measured with a ruler.

But as the conducting continued, what was this rising excitement?

Even the ensemble members, who had worked with numerous guest conductors, could not hide their astonishment.

An old tree.

Like an ancient tree soaring towards the sky, Baek Jeonghun's conducting was without a single flaw.

It was as if he had perfectly recreated the premiere of Brahms, as someone might think. It could be described as the textbook of textbooks.

No conductor could conduct Brahms’s masterpiece as perfectly as this.

Endless effort and persistent passion made it possible for him.

Dudududung―!

Baek Jeonghun’s gaze sharply looked at the end of the baton.

The wind instruments heavily opened the final movement.

The rising melody began to transform grandly in the final conclusion, like the footsteps of a giant.

* * *

"Adam."

Adam responded slowly as if a screw was loose. It was because the deep lingering feeling still gripped his whole body.

"Baek Jeonghun's conducting is really different from his appearance as a pianist."

As a pianist, it was easy to imagine Baek Jeonghun as delicate.

His performance, unfolding at the tips of his long fingers, was elegant and fluid, almost like looking at a beautiful woman.

But as a conductor, Baek Jeonghun was entirely different, as if flipping a hand.

Thump thump thump.

Wasn't his heart still pounding uncontrollably?

The steps of the rising melody towards the audience at the end were like those of a giant.

His calm eyes, commanding numerous ensemble members, made him look like a seasoned veteran.

It was hard to believe that only a few years had passed since he switched his major from pianist to conductor.

"Even the European maestros seem shocked. Especially Russia's Vasily, he hasn't said a word since earlier."

"Sharon, even as editors for a record label, we are this shocked, so how would the conductors who conduct directly feel? It's no wonder Vasily is so silent."

The story of young Russian conductor Vasily seeking out Maestro Maksim Ivanov was already famous in the classical music world.

With the wildness and strong pride unique to Russians, Vasily gave up everything and sought out Maksim, but Maksim flatly rejected his proposal.

The reason was simple. 'You and I walk different paths.'

"Adam, the excitement of the musicians is palpable in the audience. It's intermission, but no one is leaving their seats. Look over there, it’s Joseph Fiennes. Even the musician recognized by the British Royal Family is so mesmerized."

"It’s because the shock came from an unexpected quarter."

Most must have come expecting Kang Hyun's conducting. But Baek Jeonghun's conducting was like a splash of cold water on their heads.

Especially, the way he recreated Brahms in his own image resonated in the minds of many musicians.

Adam pondered as he looked at the empty stage. Eventually,

"The conducting of a giant."

Adam defined Baek Jeonghun's conducting in a single sentence.

* * *

In the conductor's waiting room, Kang Hyun was sitting alone.

Conductors who have to work with numerous ensemble members on stage are sensitive beings. Even a slight mistake can affect the entire symphony like dominoes.

But there was no trace of tension on Kang Hyun’s face.

"As expected―!"

As soon as Baek Jeonghun's conducting ended, didn't he clench his fist? It must’ve felt like watching a grown son's performance.

Indeed, over the past few months, Kang Hyun had intensely trained Baek Jeonghun.

He wanted to rush out to the waiting room and hug Baek Jeonghun, patting him on the back, saying he did a good job, but he had to hold back. For the audience waiting for him.

Knock knock.

At that moment, unexpectedly, someone knocked and entered the waiting room.

"Oppa, can I come in?"

Kang Hyun smiled broadly. What could be the issue?

"I forgot to give you this yesterday."

"Mm?"

Son Yooha handed him a thin handkerchief. On a white background, there was a pink flower embroidered in the middle. Judging by the band-aid on her fingertip, it seemed like she made it herself.

"I made it. It's like a talisman to give you strength when conducting, but if it's cumbersome, I can keep it."

Sometimes she was a confident and bold young woman, but at this moment, she was an innocent young girl.

Kang Hyun gently patted Son Yooha’s head with his long fingers.

"Thank you."

Son Yooha's cheeks turned the same pink as the embroidered flower on the handkerchief.

At that moment, a stage staff member came to the waiting room to inform Kang Hyun that he needed to get ready. It was time to step out for the audience.

"Worried?"

When their eyes met, Son Yooha smiled at Kang Hyun as if nothing had happened. Now, the height difference was such that her head reached just below Kang Hyun's shoulder.

Smooch.

At that moment, Son Yooha stood on her tiptoes and kissed Kang Hyun on the cheek.

"It's the second talisman―!"

In times like this, she indeed seemed like the Ice Queen. Her face turned red, but she expressed her feelings without hesitation.

"I'm off."

At Kang Hyun’s words, Son Yooha nodded vigorously. It was a testament to her trust in him.

Kang Hyun gripped the baton.

The grip was perfect, the balance excellent. From the shoulder to the elbow to the tip of the baton, it felt as if it was a part of his body.

It was only natural. This was the baton embodying the essence of Berlin.

Step step.

Like a general heading into battle, Kang Hyun's steps were confident. The bright stage lights shone like the sun, but there was nothing to fear.

Even with the ensemble and numerous audience members watching him, his heart pounded fiercely.

At that moment, a warm energy enveloped his entire body. Kang Hyun's gaze slowly turned towards his heart.

Indeed, what was warming Kang Hyun the most at this moment was none other than Yooha’s handkerchief, instead of a handkerchief, tucked in his pocket.