---
title: Chapter 189
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:09
tags:
---


"Mr. Kim?"

The voice was gentle and kind.

"Thank you, Maestro."

Chief Kim Sang-guk found himself suddenly included in the ladies' tea time. Karas personally poured tea into his cup.

The expansive garden, pond, and various landscaping trees created a picturesque scene. The scenery was so beautiful, it looked like a visual effect.

"Mr. Kim, the person who just arrived is the Vice President of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, right?"

Chief Kim Sang-guk almost spit out his tea. He never expected Karas to know the Vice President of Calvin Pharmaceuticals.

At that moment, as if reading Chief Kim Sang-guk's mind, Karas gave a faint smile.

"The hottest topic in Austria right now is none other than Calvin Pharmaceuticals. Vice President Gerard Calvin loves to show his face in the media, appearing in the news headlines almost daily. If you live in Austria, there's no way you wouldn't know him."

No wonder his outfit was extraordinary, dressed in luxury from head to toe, with cleanly styled hair and simple makeup. Anyone who didn't know better might think he was a celebrity.

Then, 

"Mr. Kim, is the major shareholder of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, who came from abroad, Hyun?"

"What?"

"I heard from Maya that the major shareholder of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, who developed an anti-cancer virus drug, is a foreigner. That's why the company's executives have been moving so busily recently."

Considering the circumstances, it was obvious that Kang Hyun was the major shareholder of Calvin Pharmaceuticals.

When Chief Kim Sang-guk silently confirmed, Karas nodded shortly as if he already knew.

"Hyun is truly an amazing person. He has achieved so much at such a young age. Not only does he have the presence of a musician, but also that of an executive. Moreover, he has the reliable presence of a man beyond his years. I can see why Yooha likes him so much."

Son Yooha's face turned red, and it wasn't just because of the warm sunlight.

Chief Kim Sang-guk agreed with Karas. Even though several years had passed since he first met Hyun in the strategy planning office, the memory was still vivid.

Although he was just a high school student, he acted like a seasoned veteran with decades of experience in business management.

And he hadn't changed since then.

"I agree, Maestro."

He had said he would meet the Vice President alone, without a legal representative.

It was something only possible with significant courage and nerve. But there was no need to worry about Kang Hyun, who knew domestic and international law like the back of his hand.

Moreover, his eloquence and social skills were unimaginable for his age.

Chief Kim Sang-guk felt an urge to peek into the reception room immediately.

*

"Is it okay for the kid to have so many demands?"

The Vice President's face hardened. He never expected me to speak German so fluently. The interpreter's face turned pale as well.

How much time had passed? The Vice President wiped his dry lips, erasing his hardened expression.

"I'm sorry, please forgive my rudeness."

It seemed he wasn't a complete rogue. After all, I was the one who could control the future of Calvin Pharmaceuticals.

But I still didn't like his arrogant expression.

I heard he had nothing to do with the development of the new drug.

A man in his mid-thirties. If a young guy reached the position of Vice President thanks to his parents, he should be humble.

"In Austria, there's a saying to overlook a moment's mistake. Humans are bound to make mistakes."

"Since you're saying that, I'll let it slide this time."

"Thank you. So, can you tell me directly what your boss wants in return?"

When the Vice President gave a slight glance, the sweating interpreter stepped aside.

The Vice President's confident expression seemed to say he could grant any wish.

If he could own my shares, Calvin Pharmaceuticals would essentially be his, so he wanted to meet my conditions.

"Since you're being straightforward, I'll be direct as well."

"Good, I knew we could talk."

He had belittled me as a kid earlier, but now he was acting all friendly.

But his smooth face twisted as if crumbling at my next words.

"I have no intention of selling my shares in Calvin Pharmaceuticals."

"What? What do you mean?"

"You didn't hear me correctly. Let me repeat. I have no intention of selling my shares."

What good was it for him to get all red in the face? I was the one holding the cards.

The Vice President gulped down cold water, trying to calm his heated insides.

He had no sense for business. Anyone could read his emotions clearly, even an eight-year-old kid.

"Have you met with John Calvin, the other Vice President of Calvin?"

"No, Vice President Gerard Calvin is the first Calvin representative I've met."

Was he worried I had sided with his half-brother?

"So, you're saying you won't sell the shares to John Calvin either?"

"Do I need to give you a definite answer here?"

"Do you know that there's growing distrust in Austria towards foreign capital? New laws are being made to protect domestic companies. If you miss the timing, it will be hard to get the price you want. Are you okay with that?"

It was a bill pushed by the Social Democratic Party in Austria. But unlike what the Vice President said, the bill was so tailored to their desires that it was unlikely to pass the committee, let alone the parliament.

"Any member of parliament can propose a bill."

"That's true, but..."

"It seems you're worrying unnecessarily. The essence of an investment company is to pursue profit and practicality. Wouldn't they have considered such trivial bills? You seem to be forgetting the fundamental issue. You asked what kind of compensation I want for selling my shares. I don't want any compensation."

The Vice President was speechless.

"Business is not about equal exchange. Value is relative. To acquire my shares, wouldn't you need to put in all your effort?"

* * *

"How many are there in total?"

Chairwoman Im Hyera couldn't believe her eyes.

"Seventeen in total, ma'am."

Kim Mihyun from Jeil Gallery's words helped her regain her senses.

On the table were various invitations. The languages varied from English, German, Chinese, to Spanish.

"Since it became known that he would attend the music concert hosted by Gramophone, we've been flooded with invitations from famous music concerts and award ceremonies around the world. Not only invitations, but the organizers also contacted us directly, expressing their strong desire for Hyun to attend."

She never expected it to be this much. In terms of numbers, he had received invitations from practically every prestigious music concert in the classical world.

After all, Kang Hyun was the rising star in the classical world.

Even the legendary Maestro Karas showed great interest, making the reaction almost unreal.

"Mihyun, what about these?"

"These are scripts from film companies."

"Film companies? Do they want him to compose theme songs again?"

Several years ago, Kang Hyun had composed theme songs for a film related to music, which had been unusually popular for a movie theme song.

"They're proposing him to act as the lead in a melodrama."

"What?"

"They've been bombarding us with proposals to cast Hyun as the lead in a melodrama. Not just in Chungmuro but also abroad."

She knew why the film companies were so heated. Kang Hyun's appearance had been perfecting over the years.

Moreover, he boasted a fan base rivaling that of any idol group as a classical musician.

It was hard to predict how far his popularity would soar.

* * *

"The Vice President must be having a hard time."

You shouldn't judge a person by their looks, but Vice President Gerard Calvin's first impression was not good.

His lack of business acumen became evident the more they talked. Anyway,

'Why isn't the other Vice President making a move?'

It had been nearly a week since I arrived in Austria. But John Calvin, the other Vice President of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, had not approached me. It wasn't just Gerard but John as well who should be in a hurry.

Maybe he was being wise. It could be a sign that he wouldn't bother me until I reached out first.

"Sir, when are you planning to make a move?"

Chief Kim Sang-guk asked curiously. Given Calvin's stock price was skyrocketing daily.

"I told you, I have no plans to sell yet."

"Then who do you plan to side with? It would be John Calvin rather than Gerard, right?"

"No."

Chief Kim Sang-guk's eyes filled with confusion at the unexpected answer.

"Chief, I don't plan to side with anyone. I'll act in the direction that benefits me the most. An investor must act without hesitation for their benefit."

It was a fundamental issue. Practicality over emotion.

For instance, if Vice President Gerard Calvin offered satisfactory conditions, I would consider selling my shares.

Even if Calvin Pharmaceuticals went bankrupt as a result, it wouldn't concern me.

"As always, you're very rational, sir. More so than I am, even though I spent a long time in the strategy planning office. I see why Chairman Son likes you so much."

I thought I had softened a bit compared to my past life, but it seemed I still had a sharp edge.

How much time had passed? Chief Kim Sang-guk left for his room.

Huh?

I heard a strange sound. It was like a child's cry or an animal's wail, but definitely human.

Though faint, my sharpened hearing couldn't miss it.

I walked towards the source of the sound at the late hour.

'Room 0703'

Sure enough, it was the door to the problematic room.

Whoever was inside was making the noise.

I was curious but had no way to check. I couldn't break my promise to Karas out of mere curiosity.

I shook my head and turned away.

"Come in."

A voice came clearly from beyond the door.