---
title: Chapter 190
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:10
tags:
---


“Chef, could you give me some pepper?”

The Karas mansion is bustling from the morning.

The head chef has been looking at me with curious eyes for a while now.

It’s understandable because this is the first time I’ve rolled up my sleeves and made exotic food here.

I cut the chicken into large pieces and added various vegetables. When the head chef saw the bright red sauce of the finished dish, he made a face as if to ask what it was.

“Hyun, what kind of dish is this?”

“It’s Jjimdak.”

“Jjim..dak?”

The blue-eyed head chef struggled to follow the Korean pronunciation. When the potatoes were done, I tasted a spoonful to adjust the seasoning and handed it to the chef.

The head chef, with a doubtful expression, barely touched the tip of the spoon with his tongue to savor the taste and then exclaimed in admiration.

Of course, it was a fusion dish made using tomato sauce as the main seasoning to remove the spiciness to suit the taste of foreigners.

It was a dish that was very popular even in Chapelle, so it would definitely suit their taste.

“Hyun, no matter how I look at it, you seem to have a great talent for cooking. I thought Yooha had a talent for cooking, but Hyun, your knife skills are on a different level. You look like someone who has been cooking for a long time.”

Well, if you count my previous life, I’ve been living on my own for many years. I even made and ate Cheonggukjang, which is known to be labor-intensive, so it’s safe to say I can make most Korean dishes.

Just as the chef's praise was ending, Karas and Son Yooha appeared.

“Maestro, didn’t I tell you? Hyun oppa is an amazing cook.”

“Now I see why Yooha has been praising him so much. The smell of Hyun’s cooking was so enticing that I couldn’t resist. I even skipped my usual tea time and came straight here. I feel sorry for the head chef Mikel, but today I must eat Hyun’s food to my heart’s content.”

Karas, like a kind grandmother, smiled at the sight of the Jjimdak. Kang Hyun felt an inexplicable sense of dissonance from seeing her.

The reason was simple. It was because of what he saw in room ‘0703’ last night.

“It’s really delicious.”

The popularity of Jjimdak was incredible. Not only Karas but also Maya, the usually reserved and quiet secretary, was completely captivated by the taste.

Eating the well-seasoned chicken and vegetables, and mixing the sweet sauce with rice must have felt like a new kind of risotto to them.

How much time had passed? After the meal, when Karas and Yooha moved to have tea time, I called out to Maya.

“Maya, can I talk to you for a moment?”

Maya’s expression was puzzled by the sudden call. The reason I called her was simple. It was because of what I saw last night.

Maya nodded, and after a brief silence, she spoke with difficulty.

“Last night, I heard a strange noise and went to room 0703. At first, I was going to pass by, but someone told me to come in. When I opened the door and went in, someone was sitting and crying. At first, I didn’t know who it was. But as the moonlight shone through the window, I could see clearly. It was definitely the Maestro.”

At first, I almost fell back in surprise. It wasn’t the usual kind face of the Maestro.

The Maestro I saw last night looked as if she were possessed by a ghost.

Crying and gesturing towards the invisible air, it was hard to see it as the action of a normal person.

How much time had passed? Maya hesitated for a moment, then began to speak as if she had made up her mind.

* * *

Schizophrenia.

It’s a mental illness that causes various mental function abnormalities in cognition, perception, emotion, and behavior, often referred to as a “shattered mind.”

In our country, it’s commonly called “schizophrenia.” What Maya told me was as I expected.

“How is she being treated?”

Although I wasn’t a doctor, given the state of Karas I saw last night, it seemed likely that she had been suffering from schizophrenia for a long time.

Mental illnesses often have many inexplicable aspects even with modern medicine, but in the case of schizophrenia, there were quite a few cases where it improved with medication.

Even during my time at the Western District Prosecutor’s Office in my past life, I had often seen inmates suffering from mental illness.

“The Maestro is refusing treatment.”

“What?”

“She is aware of her symptoms, but she completely ignores the medication and recommendations of her primary doctor.”

I couldn’t understand. Usually, mentally ill patients refuse a doctor's recommendations and medication because they don’t think they have a problem.

But Karas was different. According to Maya, she was already aware of her illness.

“The Maestro is not treating her illness because she wants to see her child.”

“Child?”

“She’s talking about the Maestro’s daughter, who passed away seventeen years ago.”

At that moment, I remembered the large portrait hanging in the mansion’s entrance. It was a picture of the young Maestro and a beautiful child together.

“Room 0703 was used by the Maestro’s daughter. Everything in the room, including its position, has remained unchanged for seventeen years. Every dawn, the Maestro goes into that room looking for her daughter. She actually believes she meets her daughter there.”

I couldn’t believe it. Now I understood the strange sounds Yooha heard every night. Moreover, it was hard to believe that the legendary Maestro who suddenly retired had such a backstory.

“When did it start?”

By now, there must have been symptoms of the illness.

“It’s been seventeen years.”

“What?”

“Ever since her daughter passed away and after the funeral, she has been going to room 0703 every night and crying. The old maids of the mansion are not unaware of this. Neither is the head chef Mikel. But we understand the Maestro. We know how much she loved her daughter because we have lived with her in this mansion.”

Good grief, so everyone knew about Karas’s illness. Now I understood why Maya told us not to approach room 0703 on the first day.

In the vast garden visible through the large window, Karas and Son Yooha were enjoying tea time together.

The sight of last night in room 0703 was nowhere to be seen. Furthermore, wasn’t she the Maestro who was so famous for dominating the 20th century in conducting?

Countless audiences and musicians were still waiting for her to conduct.

* * *

“Gerard got rejected?”

John Calvin, another vice president of Calvin Pharmaceuticals, looked puzzled. He couldn’t understand it.

Who would have thought Gerard would get rejected? Wasn’t Gerard the one with more capital than himself?

Just looking at the inheritance from their father, it was obvious. Gerard was the child of the first wife, and he was of the second.

“I heard that Vice President Gerard was very angry. It seems he was greatly humiliated by the CEO of VH Company.”

“Isn’t the CEO of VH Company quite young?”

“Yes, according to the information, he is nineteen years old and already quite famous in the classical music world.”

A sigh of disbelief escaped John Calvin’s mouth. It was understandable.

He had the power to sway the outcome. His fate was in the hands of a foreigner named Kang Hyun.

Moreover, he wasn’t an elite who had systematically learned investment. He was already highly successful as a musician.

At first, he thought he was just a lucky Asian youth, but if he could humiliate Gerard, he was no ordinary person.

Like a Russian doll, each layer revealed something more surprising.

“How much capital can we mobilize?”

After hearing the executive's explanation, John Calvin's expression worsened. It was natural because, compared to Gerard, there was a significant difference in capital mobilization.

If Gerard found out about this, he would likely use money to buy out VH Company.

“Can you arrange a meeting with the CEO of VH Company?”

“They said they won’t meet anyone until they arrange the meeting themselves. Vice President Gerard ignored this and tried to contact them.”

“Hmm.”

John Calvin’s brows furrowed. The same method wouldn’t work. However, there wasn’t much time.

If they couldn’t bring VH Company to their side, the pharmaceutical company would inevitably fall into Gerard’s hands.

If a person who knew nothing about drug development took over the pharmaceutical company, Calvin’s future was as clear as day.

“I’ll go personally.”

“To the CEO of VH Company?”

“No, to Maestro Karas. Isn’t the CEO of VH Company staying at her house? I’ve known the Maestro since I was young.”

Of course, John Calvin was a close friend of the Maestro’s only daughter.

* * *

“This is strange.”

Son Yooha was puzzled by the strange cries that echoed every dawn. At first, she thought they were the cries of animals.

It made sense because the Maestro’s mansion had a vast garden that was almost like a forest.

Surely, many animals lived in that dense forest.

“There it is again.”

It wasn’t an auditory hallucination or an illusion. Every time at the same hour, faint but definite cries could be heard.

She thought of going to Kang Hyun like last time, but Son Yooha clenched her fists and shook her head.

After all, wasn’t she the heir to Daeil Group? She had been told she was bold for her age since she was young, so mysterious sounds were nothing to her.

Even so, each step made her more sensitive, as if her nerves were on edge.

Gulp.

The louder the cries became, the stiffer her heels got. Eventually, she arrived at the door where the sound was coming from.

“Room 0703?”

It was the number on the door that Maestro had warned them about so sternly. The expression was so meaningful that she could never forget that number.

When she pressed her ear to the door, she heard the crying clearly from the other side. It sounded like a lament.

‘I should ask tomorrow.’

She thought it would be better to ask about this room’s identity tomorrow.

If someone was making this crying sound every dawn, surely Maestro and secretary Maya would know about it.

Just as pajama-clad Son Yooha swallowed her saliva and turned around.

Creak.

The door of room 0703 opened with a creepy sound.

It seemed to have opened naturally due to the wind flowing in from the window.

Even though she tried to look away, she couldn’t.

She peered through the slightly open door. It was dark, but as her eyes adjusted, she saw a pale figure clearly.

“A child?”

The child was two spans shorter than her, with hair reaching down to the waist.

Wearing a dress like something out of a movie, the face looked oddly familiar.

She couldn’t understand. Maya had never mentioned a child living in this mansion.

Son Yooha, having made up her mind, slowly moved forward.

She couldn’t understand why the crying sound was coming from a room with a child at this late hour.

Moreover, the child in room 0703 seemed to be calling her. Just then.

Grab.

Son Yooha almost screamed in surprise. But a long finger gently covered her mouth.

Like a startled deer, Son Yooha’s eyes looked behind her. Kang Hyun, who had approached without her noticing, gently turned her head.

In that moment, the door of room 0703 closed by itself.