---
title: Chapter 196
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:16
tags:
---


“Damn it!”

The giant fell. Not only the morning newspapers but also the broadcasting companies were competing to report the breaking news.

It was no exaggeration to say that South Korea was abuzz with the story of Son Jangwon, the chairman of Daeil Group.

There were even strange rumors circulating that Chairman Son Jangwon had already passed away, which showed how serious the situation was.

[This is breaking news. We have received information that Chairman Son Jangwon has been hovering between life and death for several days now. It is known that Chairman Son Jangwon is currently being treated at his residence in Pyeongchang-dong. All the executives and family members of Daeil Group have gathered at the Pyeongchang-dong residence without exception. The sudden news of Chairman Son Jangwon’s illness has caused a significant stir in the stock market...…]

The news continued to headline the health condition of the chairman. However, the anchor’s nuance seemed more concerned about the impending financial storm in the stock market rather than the chairman’s health.

It left a bitter taste in my mouth. Well, it was an unavoidable reality.

“Hey, did you hear? They say Chairman Son Jangwon collapsed.”

“I heard rumors that he's already dead. They haven't announced it due to inheritance issues and stock prices.”

“That's why he hasn’t shown his face in the media for months!”

This was the same even in universities. Even students, who should be focused on their studies, were talking about the chairman’s health as if it were gossip. It was beyond the level of a typical celebrity scandal.

Professors were no different. Some senior professors were genuinely worried. They knew the overall impact it would have on Korean society if Chairman Son Jangwon passed away.

But then again,

‘Why didn’t they stop it?’

By now, there were more than a few things that didn’t make sense. Why did Daeil Group let the news about Chairman Son Jangwon’s health out? If they wanted, controlling the media would have been a piece of cake.

Moreover, it wasn’t the time yet for succession structures and donations to be finalized. At that moment,

“Sunbae-nim―!”

It was around lunchtime when Manager Kim Sang-guk personally visited Korea University. For some reason, he always used the term “sunbae-nim” at Korea University.

We headed to a snack bar located at the side gate to have lunch, as if we had agreed beforehand.

“Just as you ordered, we are continuing to provide full support to the Austrian Dream Company, but it seems it will take a lot more time to achieve visible results. Are we going to keep supporting them?”

“Why?”

“Sunbae-nim, are you asking because you don’t know? We are already at a loss of billions. We can't even estimate how much more deficit we will record. Frankly, even if we acquire a few high-value real estate properties currently on the market with this money, the return on investment would be higher than investing in Dream Company. I can guarantee it.”

Manager Kim Sang-guk reported enthusiastically while eating tteokbokki. He should at least wipe the sauce off his mouth while talking.

To an outsider, it would look like an old man and a young student were bantering.

“Then let’s make a bet. If Dream Company doesn’t produce visible results within five years, I will follow your opinion on the direction of VH Company entirely. I will even promote you to a partner level. However, if Dream Company shows visible results, you will have to serve without any wage negotiations for life.”

Manager Kim Sang-guk's face turned into a look of bewilderment. He never expected I would be this stubborn.

Soon, he shook his head.

“I can’t possibly win against you. Let’s call off the bet.”

“Manager, but do you have any idea what's happening with Daeil Group?”

“I have a sense, but I can’t be certain. If you’re curious, there’s a way for you to find out immediately.”

What was he talking about? Manager Kim Sang-guk continued while dipping fish cake in tteokbokki sauce.

“You could ask Representative Im Hyera, couldn’t you?”

* * *

The Ichon-dong mansion was bustling. It was just like the day they found out about the chairman's health condition.

“Hyun, you came at the right time.”

Grandfather hadn’t even gone to work. But wasn’t he dressed in outdoor clothes?

“Come with your grandfather for a bit.”

“Now?”

I was thinking of going to the workshop. Well, it wasn’t like I was going to barge in on Representative Im Hyera to ask about the cause of this situation.

But Grandfather’s expression was unusual. It was like the look of a general about to go to war.

‘Where are we going?’

The car driven by Mr. Kim, the chauffeur, sped down the highway without a break. We were clearly heading out of town.

The car kept accelerating on the highway, making it impossible to know our destination. As I showed a puzzled expression, Grandfather elaborated.

“At first, I thought of taking a domestic flight, but I needed some time to prepare my mind. He’s a very dangerous person, you see. It’s been years since I last met the old raccoon.”

Who could he be talking about? I didn’t understand. At Grandfather’s age, most prominent figures in the business world were young enough to be his children.

Who in South Korea could be dangerous enough to make Grandfather need mental preparation?

I racked my brain, but no answer came out.

‘Daegu?’

How long had we been driving? The highway signs were now pointing to Gyeongbuk.

The car driven by Mr. Kim passed through Daegu and entered a village in Gyeongsan, Gyeongbuk.

From the cement bridge to the neatly paved roads, the village entrance was clearly well-maintained.

It was so well-kept that it couldn’t be compared to an ordinary rural village.

“Chairman, we’ve arrived.”

Mr. Kim said in a nervous voice.

I couldn’t help but gape at the scenery outside the window.

It was a massive hanok, with long walls extending like those of a township governor’s residence from the past.

It was so well-preserved that one might mistake it for a cultural heritage site.

But that wasn’t the only surprising thing. It was also the large nameplate at the gate of the hanok.

‘Kim Namcheon―!’

Now, the puzzle pieces seemed to fit. I understood why Grandfather was tense.

After Daeil Group turned South Korea into the Daeil Republic in his past life, Kim Namcheon had disappeared into the annals of history, but I had heard all about his stories.

I swallowed hard. It was because Kim Namcheon had controlled the media in South Korea from the Japanese colonial period to the early 21st century.

* * *

“Have you been well, sir?”

Grandfather addressed him as “sir,” indicating that Kim Namcheon was looking at a hundred years of age.

Though his face was wrinkled and his skin was marked with liver spots, his eyes were sharp, almost as sharp as those of a young man.

In fact, his eyes were dangerously sharp, in a different way from Chairman Son Jangwon.

“Ha-ha, it’s been a long time.”

It seemed Grandfather and Kim Namcheon had met before.

Indeed, anyone doing business in turbulent times would have known Kim Namcheon’s name.

He had ruled the media during the Japanese colonial period.

Despite the cultural rule of the Japanese and the military dictatorship, he had continuously grown and protected his media company.

Many called him a collaborator, and he was often labeled as an opportunist.

But perhaps because of that, Kim Namcheon’s media company had such a powerful influence that it could be said to have controlled modern and contemporary Korean history.

“Is this your grandson?”

“Yes, sir.”

“I’ve heard rumors even in Gyeongsan that he’s quite smart. Yoo Dongyul, you may not have done well with your children, but you’ve raised an excellent grandson. I’d even like to match him with my great-granddaughter.”

Kim Namcheon’s shrewd gaze was so intense it felt like he was reading my mind. At that moment,

“Sir, the reason I came today is because of Son Jangwon from Daeil Group. I know that the first place to report his health condition was your company.”

“Haha, strictly speaking, it’s the media company run by my children. What power does an old man like me have to write articles?”

“No article can make the front page in South Korea without your approval, sir.”

Though he was nearing a hundred, it was undeniable that he was still at the forefront of the media.

Frankly, his age was hard to believe. The aura and sharp gaze from his small frame were comparable to those of Chairman Son Jangwon.

“Sir, didn’t you owe me a favor during the Republic Party regime?”

“Yes, I did.”

“Considering that, please tell me the truth about this matter.”

The Republic Party regime... I was curious, but I couldn’t help it. It seemed there was some matter between Grandfather and Kim Namcheon in the past.

“Yoo Dongyul, you must already have some idea, don’t you?”

“I came because I don’t want to just guess.”

“Haha, I see.”

Kim Namcheon seemed to ponder for a moment, then moved his lips.

“Do you know why we reported the health condition of Chairman Son Jangwon, even at the risk of antagonizing President Son Ilsung of Daeil Group?”

“No, I don’t.”

“It’s because of President Son Ilsung. He is the powerful successor of Daeil Group.”

Kim Namcheon took a sip from his teacup.

Occasionally, he gave me a shrewd look that was so chilling it made my hair stand on end.

He seemed to find my reaction amusing as he continued.

“If President Son Ilsung takes over Daeil Group, my lifelong media company will be under Daeil Group within ten years.”

“Sir, isn’t that an exaggeration?”

“You still don’t know the true nature of President Son Ilsung. He is different from Chairman Son Jangwon. While Son Jangwon built Daeil Group like a tiger, with unstoppable aggression, Son Ilsung looks like a tiger but is as cunning and cold as a snake.”

It was an accurate assessment. Just as Kim Namcheon had said, the first thing Son Ilsung did after taking over Daeil Group was pruning. He mercilessly cut off even his blood relatives.

Furthermore, within five years of becoming chairman, he had taken control of the South Korean media.

“But sir, you wouldn’t have antagonized Daeil Group without a valid reason, right?”

“Are you saying there was no justification?”

“Yes. If Chairman Son Jangwon were to recover, who would he first turn against?”

Naturally, it would be the media companies that reported his health condition. Due to this, Daeil Group’s stock price had been plummeting as if an earthquake had hit.

At that moment, Kim Namcheon gave a sly smile and set down his teacup with a clink.

“Unnecessary worry.”

“What do you mean, unnecessary worry?”

“We were only doing a favor.”

Kim Namcheon said as he set his teacup down with a sound.

“For Chairman Son Jangwon’s second son.”