---
title: Chapter 207
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:27
tags:
---


탁! (Thud!)

Kim Namcheon was playing Go alone. Solving life-and-death problems was excellent for clearing one's mind.

As the white and black stones gradually filled the Go board, a sense of peace seemed to return to his heart.

It was when Kim Namcheon’s wrinkled fingers picked up a black stone again.

“Sir, people from Son Kangwook’s side have come again. What should we do?”

Kim Namcheon looked up at the secretary's question. Hadn't people been coming down from Seoul continuously for the past week?

One day, they even spent the night in front of the gate, saying they wanted to meet him. However, Kim Namcheon shook his head.

They looked just like the emissaries of Hamheung who never returned.

Tsk.

Kim Namcheon clicked his tongue inwardly. Clearly, they had miscalculated. Who would have thought that 'Teacher Deoksu' would reveal himself?

“We will no longer join hands with Son Kangwook.”

The secretary nodded without a word and retreated cautiously.

Kim Namcheon understood the current situation better than anyone. During the Japanese occupation, he was called a traitor, and during the military regime, he was labeled a typical opportunist.

Few knew the state of affairs in South Korea better than Kim Namcheon.

‘Teacher Deoksu.’

Like a divine move that catches a large group of stones in Go, the person President Wang had prepared was a remarkable move that could shake the board.

Once, Kim Namcheon had also poured immense effort into finding ‘Teacher Deoksu.’

It was a secret known to only a very few in the business world that President Wang of the Jeil Group had a mentor.

But he was an elusive figure, like a mirage. Even after searching for twenty years, all Kim Namcheon found was an impostor using Teacher Deoksu's name, not the real one.

He had hidden his tracks so well that even the power of the military regime couldn't find him.

“Hyea has returned to Korea, right?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Prepare and arrange a meeting with that child.”

Surely, the one who found Teacher Deoksu must be that child.

He had sensed it from the moment the child suddenly approached him, saying she wanted to meet the white whale of Gwangyang.

To think she could find Teacher Deoksu, whom he couldn't find in twenty years, at once. She was no ordinary child.

“By now, there must be a bloodstorm in Seoul.”

Indeed, with Teacher Deoksu revealing himself, a thick scent of bloodstorm would be blowing. Could Son Kangwook, who had been so arrogant, overcome this crisis?

Kim Namcheon picked up a white stone with a sly smile. If that child asked him the same question now, he would answer like this:

1/10.

* * *

Emotional waves surged like the sea. Everyone's faces were filled with shock.

Undoubtedly, the most striking was Son Kangwook. His eyes were wide as if they would tear apart, and his lips trembled furiously, creating a stark contrast.

“F-Father—!”

He must not have imagined that President Wang would appear.

The other executives were the same. The faces of the executives who had sided with Son Kangwook were drenched in cold sweat.

When Son Kangwook was flustered and didn't know what to do.

“The person who knows the Jeil Group better than anyone and is second to none in management and business in Korea, that friend is the right person I mentioned. How about it, President Son Kangwook? Wouldn't someone of his caliber satisfy you?”

Son Kangwook’s pupils shook as if an earthquake had struck.

The eyes of President Wang, who was in a wheelchair, clearly held immense energy. He not only overwhelmed the general meeting hall in an instant but also plunged everyone into tension and silence.

“Even if you don't like it, what can you do? After all, I, who am currently the chairman of the Jeil Group, decided this matter. If I can't even make this kind of statement when stepping down, I'll cause a ruckus. And business must be handled properly, President Son Kangwook.”

“Business and private matters?”

“It's good that you ousted President Son Ilsung of Jeil Electronics, claiming it was for the Jeil Group, but I found out you're not so clean yourself. Weren’t you planning to sell Jeil Electronics to foreign capital? Ignoring the executives who followed you. I never imagined you would rush the sale preparations so quickly, almost as if you anticipated President Son Jangwon’s collapse.”

Son Kangwook's face crumpled. The executives looked at Son Kangwook in disbelief. At that moment, the wheelchair ascended to the platform.

“Has everyone been well?”

It was a simple sentence, but it carried immense power. President Wang’s gaze swept over the audience. The executives who met his eyes had frightened expressions.

Among them were those who had once followed him and Son Ilsung but had shifted to Son Kangwook’s side.

However, he had no intention of blaming them here.

“During my absence, the Jeil Group got entangled in many incidents. Especially the paralysis of the group’s management system due to the absence of President Son Ilsung of Jeil Electronics was unexpected. And that the vacancy was filled by Senior Managing Director Son Kangwook of Jeil Trading, who is not a professional manager. It’s like entrusting a cat with fish. Do you all have no eye for people?”

President Wang’s words, as if rebuking him, made Son Kangwook gulp.

“The prosecution is investigating the accounting fraud of Jeil Electronics, but no conclusion has been reached yet. I believe President Son Ilsung is innocent. I think there are people in the prosecution who share my view. And I intend to use this opportunity to clean up unnecessary elements in the group. Of course, I’m not talking about evaluating their professional abilities, but those who have harmed the group. I trust you all understand.”

Tension flowed in the executives’ eyes. Who could be spotless when scrutinized? Moreover, they were like bats that had betrayed President Wang and sided with Son Kangwook.

A long silence ensued. Even Son Kangwook, who had been in the highest position, couldn’t utter a word.

“First.”

President Wang’s eyes sparkled endlessly.

“President Son Kangwook, let's address your issues first.”

It was the end of Son Kangwook's one-week reign.

* * *

[Breaking news. President Son Jangwon of the Jeil Group has recovered and reappeared. During the Jeil Group’s temporary general meeting held at the Jeil Group headquarters, many shareholders were reportedly astonished by President Son Jangwon's appearance. President Son Jangwon, known by his nickname ‘President Wang,’ dominated the chaotic atmosphere of the general meeting at once. According to opinions from the securities industry, President Son Jangwon’s recovery is expected to quell the turbulent period in the stock market. We will bring in an expert for a more precise opinion.]

Only the broadcasting stations and newspapers would be thrilled. After all, exclusive stories were pouring in day after day.

The news covered President Wang’s updates almost daily. Moreover, President Wang reportedly started going to work at Jeil Group without a wheelchair from the next day to show his resilience. By the way.

“Sir, why are you here?”

“Hey, are you scolding me from the morning?”

Teacher Deoksu was still staying at the mansion in Ichon-dong.

Wasn’t he eating ribs for breakfast? I couldn’t even count how many bowls of rice he had finished.

As Teacher Deoksu was eating the ribs deliciously, he added.

“It will take quite some time to completely take down Son Kangwook, even if he’s a disciple. That’s why I’m staying here instead of going to Jirisan to help. By now, it’s the season to harvest fall vegetables. What a shame.”

“It’s not that. I think you should be in Pyeongchang-dong, not Ichon-dong.”

“You fool, my taste is for Ichon-dong, not Pyeongchang-dong. And your grandfather seems happy to have someone to talk to after a long time. Now, you, a young lad, are trying to drive this old man away. How can I live with this sorrow?”

Despite his words, his face remained as relaxed as ever.

“What do you plan to do next?”

“Pardon?”

“Are you asking like a parrot again? Didn’t I tell you I studied fate and destiny philosophy? Hyun, you have a great fortune in business, so whatever you do, it will be a big hit. However, you also have talent and luck in music. Personally, I’d like to teach you, but the most important thing is your will.”

At Teacher Deoksu’s question, I hesitated. It was because I still hadn’t figured out exactly what I wanted to do.

I didn’t want to chase after material desires and power like in my past life.

But experiencing the overall business world with Teacher Deoksu for a few days made me feel the adrenaline surge within me.

Teacher Deoksu seemed to understand my inner thoughts.

“Hyun, you are a typical gambler. Do you think I don’t know that you gathered the Jeil Group’s stocks that were shaken by Son Kangwook? Even my disciple must have recognized that side of you, which is why he likes you so much. If I were my disciple, I would have marked you as the successor after Son Ilsung. Anyway, weren’t you thinking of marrying my disciple’s granddaughter, Yooha?”

“Sir, Yooha is still a high school student!”

“Hey, in the old days, she would have already been married and had a son by now. You’re just being coy. Your face is fair like a scholar’s, but I know there’s an old man inside you as old as me. Sometimes, talking with you feels like talking to an old man.”

Talking with Teacher Deoksu made me feel like my heart was being read.

Moreover, unlike other elders, Teacher Deoksu didn’t hide his feelings inside. His straightforward manner of speaking stirred my heart.

“I want to find happiness.”

“Happiness?”

“They say you can buy happiness with money, but I don’t think that’s all. Having money and power doesn’t necessarily make you happy.”

“You talk like someone who has already experienced such a life. Then don’t you have the best way in front of you? Stop clinging to various things and do what you want.”

“What I want?”

“Yes, you have a very broad-minded nature. Even in this matter, why did you look for me? Wasn’t it merely because of your connection with my disciple? An ordinary person wouldn’t have done it. Now, stop being so broad-minded and do what you most want. If you want to learn management, come find me.”

The distortion of history caused by me was being corrected.

Teacher Deoksu’s advice was enough to awaken my mind.

What I want to do the most!

Buzz.

At that moment, the melody of a violin resonated in my mind.