---
title: Chapter 219
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:39
tags:
---


“General!” 

A triumphant expression was evident on Chairman Wang's face. On the board, the hong's chariot and horse were still alive and well.

The momentum of hong pressing against cheong was tremendous, as if deploying a battle formation.

It's clear that Chairman Wang's janggi (Korean chess) skills surpass his go skills.

“Mr. Son, have you been doing nothing but eating and learning janggi these days?”

“Old man, since I can't beat you in go, I thought I'd try my luck with janggi. Should I give you a move?”

“No, no need. Even if you give me a move, it won't suddenly create a brilliant strategy.”

As the winner on the board was decided, Chairman Wang showed a happy smile like a child.

And rightly so, since he had never won against Chairman Yoo in go.

Dragging it to janggi might seem forced, but for the highly competitive Chairman Wang, there was no other way.

No matter how you look at it, it seemed like the Yoo family had the help of a go genius.

“When Hyun returns, I need to crush him in janggi. That kid, whenever he plays go, he subtly provokes this grandfather of his, making me so frustrated.”

“Are you going to beat Hyun in janggi?”

“Why, does that kid play janggi as well as he plays go?”

“Well, I don't know for sure, but he probably isn't bad. You know, Hyun is incredibly good at using his brain.”

A moment of tension crossed Chairman Wang's face. Of course, Kang Hyun's go skills had already surpassed amateur level. If he learned janggi properly, he would quickly catch up to Chairman Wang.

At that moment.

“By the way, how are things at the company these days? How's that Kang Wook?”

“That kid doesn't need my attention; Ilsung is already taking care of him. Soon, the prosecution will conduct a large-scale investigation on Son Kang Wook. Ilsung plans to make sure Kang Wook is irrecoverable this time.”

“He's practically putting his face in the tiger's mouth.”

Chairman Wang and Son Ilsung were not the type to consider familial ties when it came to company management.

Son Kang Wook was a troublemaker. It wouldn't end easily with just being kicked out of the company.

“By the way, I heard Yooha disappeared in America.”

“Mr. Son, what do you mean?”

“Just as I said. She secretly boarded a flight to England during the holidays. Don't worry; the bodyguards are secretly with her. But still, isn't our granddaughter amazing to prepare a ticket to England with her allowance?”

Chairman Wang burst into hearty laughter and added.

“Or maybe our granddaughter's husband is amazing?”

* * *

“Yooha?”

Kang Hyun unknowingly called out Yooha's name. He couldn't tell if he was dreaming or if it was reality.

At that moment, Yooha, as if responding to his call, suddenly hugged Kang Hyun.

Kang Hyun had grown so much that he could now see the top of Yooha's head. On her hair was the blue cubic hairpin that Kang Hyun had given her.

“Yooha, how did you come without any notice?”

“Oppa, didn't you want to see me?”

“No, it's not that. It's just so sudden.”

“Oppa, I missed you, so I came secretly.”

Son Yooha made a mischievous expression. Listening to Yooha's story, Kang Hyun felt happy but also a slight headache.

No matter how much she missed him, to secretly board a plane! But knowing Chairman Wang's personality, there were undoubtedly bodyguards somewhere out of sight. 

Today, it would be better to greet this audacious young lady warmly rather than scold her. After all, she came flying just to see him, how could he not be pleased?

“Oppa, is school life fun?”

“Yeah. University life in Korea was fun too, but I really like the Royal Academy of Music. There are so many outstanding people in music.”

“So, do the professors give you lessons directly?”

At Son Yooha's question, Kang Hyun hesitated for a moment, then nodded briefly.

The reason for his hesitation was simple. Kang Hyun had subtly felt that the professors were intimidated by him during individual lessons.

“Oppa, can you show me around the school?”

Kang Hyun naturally nodded. Since it was a holiday, the Royal Academy of Music was open to the public.

While some students had gone back to their hometowns, others had their families come up to South Kensington, where the Royal Academy of Music is located.

In the garden, children who seemed to be the families of undergraduate students were playing. Kang Hyun took Yooha's hand and started walking.

Though the students who recognized Kang Hyun stared at him, he didn't mind. Today, he had decided to spend the day solely for Yooha.

As Yooha's face brightened while looking around the Royal Academy of Music, Kang Hyun unknowingly felt happiness in a corner of his heart.

In both his past and present life, Yooha was the only one who made him feel these emotions.

Carrying his violin case, he led her beyond the garden where Sabrina had once performed alone, into the forest.

Since it was a place no one visited, it was practically a concert hall prepared just for her.

Son Yooha sat on a tree stump and became the sole audience to Kang Hyun's performance.

The sound of the stream served as the accompaniment, and the rustling of the leaves gently tickled their ears as a subtle melody spread.

How much time had passed?

Though it felt like a short time, it was already getting dark outside.

As they exchanged conversations and glances that they hadn't shared in a long time, time flew by quickly. When Kang Hyun stood up to send Yooha to a hotel, she spoke.

“Oppa, I have nowhere to stay...”

“A hotel?”

“I didn't make a reservation. I just grabbed my passport and ticket and came.”

What a reckless young lady. But Kang Hyun wasn't too worried. He could reserve a hotel near the Royal Academy of Music right away.

Moreover, there were surely bodyguards somewhere out of sight. At that moment.

“Can I stay with you tonight, oppa?”

* * *

“How is Hyun doing these days?”

At Principal Samuel's question, Professor Bianca paused. It was not an easy question to answer.

“In group classes, he naturally stands out. Not only does he answer professors' questions without hesitation, but he also stays after class to answer questions from undergraduates. Because of this, undergraduate students majoring in violin have developed a great fondness for Hyun. Even those who were initially jealous of him have all been won over by his performance at the recent concert.”

“What do the professors think?”

“That's a bit of a problem.”

It was an unexpected remark.

“Are there any problems?”

Professor Bianca nodded slightly and continued speaking.

“Every professor who gave Hyun individual lessons expressed that they have nothing more to teach him.”

“Nothing more to teach? Aren't they professors at the Royal Academy of Music? While Hyun has an impressive career, his years and experience are nowhere near those of the professors. Saying they have nothing more to teach sounds like they're overpraising Hyun.”

“To be precise, it felt more like they should not teach him rather than they have nothing to teach.”

“Should not teach?”

As Bianca's words continued, a look of intrigue appeared in Principal Samuel's eyes.

“After giving Hyun individual lessons myself, I understood what the other professors meant. When discussing musical values beyond violin lessons, I realized that Hyun's musical values were already firmly established. They were so solid that we couldn't carelessly impose our prejudices and experiences on him.”

“So you mean they shouldn't teach him?”

“Yes, they're afraid that if we hastily inject our biased knowledge, it might corrupt him. In fact, it might be better for him to spend his free time interacting with other geniuses like Sabrina rather than receiving individual lessons. Such interactions might offer him more valuable experiences and knowledge than what a typical professor could provide.”

Principal Samuel couldn't hide his amazement. Professor Bianca was as strict about music as her close friend Spencer.

Moreover, she was known to be quite intimidating to undergraduate students majoring in violin.

“But isn't it unreasonable to remove individual lessons just for Hyun?”

“You misunderstand my words, Principal.”

Professor Bianca looked at Principal Samuel with calm eyes.

“The professors who gave Hyun individual lessons must have realized something. This is why they are reluctant to give him individual lessons. They don't want to tarnish the values of a future maestro who will lead the violin world.”

* * *

Tommy was so happy these days that he couldn't contain his joy.

Since entering the Royal Academy of Music, known for gathering musical prodigies from all over the UK, he had never felt this happy.

Even when getting scolded by Professor Albert, he felt strangely pleased.

“Tommy!”

Silver hair shimmered in the sunlight.

Tommy couldn't hide his smile at the sight of Sabrina, who was waiting for him in front of the cafeteria. His freckles seemed to dance with joy.

“Tommy, are you going to keep me waiting like this?”

“S-sorry. I was going to come out right away, but...”

Normally, Tommy would go to the cafeteria for breakfast without even washing his hair, just pulling down his hat low.

But Sabrina was waiting for him. He had not only washed his face but also sprayed perfume he bought from a shop in downtown London.

He even ironed his clothes to remove any wrinkles, making thorough preparations.

“Just kidding, I haven't been waiting long. But isn't Hyun going to have breakfast?”

Now that she mentioned it, Hyun was nowhere to be seen. Among the three of them, Hyun was usually the most diligent.

He would wake up early every morning, as if he never needed sleep, and work on his compositions, which was awe-inspiring to Tommy.

After finishing breakfast with Sabrina and taking a brief walk, Tommy headed to Hyun's dormitory.

Since it was a holiday, the dormitory supervisor wasn't there, and there were few students staying in the dormitory. Most had gone back to their hometowns.

Thunk.

Tommy knocked on Hyun's door.

Huh?

He knocked several times, but there was no response. Normally, Hyun would open the door even before the knocking was over.

Had he gone somewhere early in the morning? Just as he was wondering, the door slowly opened by itself with a creak.

On the bed was Hyun, sleeping. He was covered up to his neck with his blanket.

He must have stayed up late writing his compositions. As Tommy carefully approached to wake him up, he saw something.

Oh my... God!

Tommy's face twitched, and his eyes widened. Peeking under the blanket, he saw a girl sleeping soundly on Hyun's chest.