---
title: Chapter 223
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:43
tags:
---


Andante – Allegro ma non troppo.

With Kang Hyun's fingertips, two horns began to play simultaneously.

The conductor's baton moved cautiously through the air, as though embracing it.

A tranquil and sacred sound gradually filled the concert hall, much like the moon waxing.

Schubert, Symphony No. 9, "The Great."

As Kang Hyun's fingertips moved faster and his gaze toward the ensemble became more intense, the melody showcased a strong contrast from nobility to splendor.

Kang Hyun's gaze turned to Michael. It meant to apply just a bit more strength to the end.

Michael skillfully grasped the conductor's intention and distributed a bit more strength to the tip of his thumb holding the baton.

Gulp―!

Producer Kim Dahyun couldn't take her eyes off Kang Hyun's conducting. Years ago, Kang Hyun's conducting skills were recognized due to a royal performance.

But the difference between seeing Kang Hyun's conducting on TV and experiencing it from the audience was like night and day.

'Amazing.'

The members, dressed in casual clothes rather than suits, had a remarkable look in their eyes. It felt as if they were on an actual stage rather than in a rehearsal, with rising tension.

Moreover, their dazzling hand movements and the unity and harmony, tight as if connected by a web, reaffirmed that they were part of the world's best symphony orchestra.

But the most astonishing thing wasn't that.

Cello!

Responding to Kang Hyun's adept direction, lead cellist Emmanuel reacted. It was as if they communicated with just a glance.

It wasn't just the two of them. Kang Hyun was conducting without missing a single member.

Like looking down at a Go board. Soon, the grandeur of the contrabass enveloped the concert hall like an angel's breath.

Boom boom boom―!

Euphoria followed at the end of the breath. Tommy felt as if a thrill was piercing through his entire body.

As a violinist, he knew well how outstanding a musician Hyun was. Moreover, he had heard enough about Hyun's career and reputation since he came as an exchange student.

But he didn't expect it to be this much.

'Crazy.'

As someone who aspired to be in a symphony orchestra, Tommy knew the weight and burden a conductor carries.

Not just playing an instrument as a member, but managing numerous instruments in the air with both hands, the conductor's journey would undoubtedly be the most challenging.

Until now, Tommy only thought of Kang Hyun as a heavenly violinist.

But today, that thought was shattered.

Boom boom boom―!

The breath filled the concert hall ceiling once more.

Sabrina's eyes sparkled as she watched the members blend with Kang Hyun's presence.

Kang Hyun's conducting skills were as expected. The end of the baton was as beautiful as the strings of a violin.

Sabrina thought Kang Hyun could certainly become a great maestro. He was the first musician who understood her musical values.

'Are you filming this?'

Producer Kim Dahyun glanced at the assistant director. The assistant director was already mesmerized by the symphony, his eyes and ears captivated.

The enraptured look on his face made him seem like a child lost in the essence of classical music.

On the other hand, the cinematographer couldn't relax his grip on the camera, zooming in on the stage.

A thrilled smile lingered on his lips.

As the emotion of the melody rose, his heart pounded like a tidal wave.

It was natural. The sight of numerous members moving in sync with conductor Kang Hyun's fingertips was nothing short of awe-inspiring.

The grand finale for the documentary was completed.

* * *

"The chairman has arrived."

At the secretary's words, a tense atmosphere filled the conference room. The faces of the affiliate company presidents were all tense. When the door of the conference room opened and Chairman Wang appeared, the half-white-haired executives stood up in unison.

"Why stand and make your legs hurt? Everyone, please sit."

Only after Chairman Wang sat at the head seat did the executives take their seats. It was indeed a long-awaited presidents' meeting.

In society, they were all powerful and renowned presidents of the Jeil Group affiliates, but in front of Chairman Wang, they were as insignificant as fireflies before the sun.

"Im Dongchun, how have you been?"

"Yes, yes, Chairman! I have visited Pyeongchang-dong several times, worried about your health. Have you fully recovered now?"

"Can't you tell by looking? And for someone so worried about my health, you checked your stance between Ilson and Kang Wook as soon as I was bedridden?"

"N-No, it's a misunderstanding! Chairman! I just…!"

"I'm joking. Seeing your face after so long makes me want to tease you. You seem to have become a coward in a few months."

Jeil Securities CEO Im Dongchun's face turned pale. The other presidents were no different.

After all, who among them hadn't checked their stance between Son Ilson and Son Kangwook during the past few months that were akin to a prince's rebellion?

"I’m sure there are those here who helped Ilson as well as those who sided with Kangwook. Or those who remained neutral and observed the situation."

"……."

"I didn’t call you here to reprimand you. But we can't just let this pass without anyone taking responsibility."

At that moment, Chairman Wang's eyes gleamed sharply. The presidents' Adam's apples bobbed simultaneously at the intimidating force that dwarfed Son Kangwook's.

"Now, who will step down first?"

No one could open their mouths. It was indeed a thorny seat. A single wrong word could mean stepping down from their position immediately.

Moreover, knowing Chairman Wang’s nature, stepping down from their position wouldn’t be the end. Legal responsibilities would likely follow.

It was then.

"Everyone, relax. I can't even joke properly with this tension. Im Dongchun."

"Yes! Chairman!"

"Seo Min-gi, Do Il-hwan, Jung Sung-gi―!"

"Yes! Chairman!"

"I’ll give you a last chance, listen carefully."

The names of those who sided with Son Kangwook among the affiliate presidents were called out. Despite their bald heads and old age, they looked as tense as middle school students in front of a strict teacher.

It was then that the presidents realized. The chairman they served was on a different level compared to Son Kangwook.

How much time had passed?

"Secretary Kim, cancel my dinner appointment tonight. Apologize to the Chief Justice on my behalf."

"Yes, Chairman. Where should I take you then?"

"Let’s head to Ichon-dong."

After the presidents' meeting, Chairman Wang headed straight to Ichon-dong. He had an appointment with the Chief Justice, but he casually broke it.

After all, the Chief Justice was one of the scholarship students personally nurtured by Chairman Wang.

"Son, you’re here!"

Upon arrival in Ichon-dong, Chairman Yoo personally welcomed Chairman Wang. In Chairman Wang’s hand was, unexpectedly, some liquor.

"I thought you wouldn't come since you had an emergency presidents' meeting today?"

"Oh, in-laws. How could I miss a day like today?"

"I didn’t know you liked documentaries so much."

"Since I saw the trailer, I’ve been eagerly waiting for today. It's cold, let's go inside quickly. We might miss the start if we dawdle!"

The reason Chairman Wang visited Ichon-dong was simple. It was to catch the first broadcast of the three-part documentary featuring Kang Hyun.

* * *

"The Gramophone Music Awards?"

Tommy asked, his eyes widening with surprise. Kang Hyun answered while biting into a sandwich.

"I received an invitation a while ago. They said they were holding an awards ceremony in December. I contacted Gramophone, and they said I could bring two more people. What do you think?"

"Of course, I’m thrilled!"

"Tommy, is it really that great...?"

While Tommy looked overwhelmed with emotion, Sabrina tilted her head.

Of course, Sabrina had no interest in symphony orchestras. It was no wonder she wasn’t interested in the globally renowned music magazine Gramophone.

Tommy explained the prestige and fame of the Gramophone Music Awards to Sabrina, so excitedly that he almost spat out his soup.

But Sabrina still looked unconvinced.

'It’s no surprise. Sabrina wasn’t swayed even by Spencer’s offer.'

On the last day of their broadcast shoot, didn’t they visit the London Symphony? There, Spencer personally offered Sabrina to audition for the London Symphony if she graduated from the Royal College of Music and was interested.

But Sabrina had replied without hesitation that she didn’t want to be tied down anywhere.

"Hyun, when is the Gramophone Music Awards?"

"In two days."

"What?! What's the dress code?"

Kang Hyun shook his head. It felt like Tommy was more excited than he was, even though he was the one going to receive the award.

"You can dress casually. They said there’s no need for formal attire unless you’re receiving an award."

But despite Kang Hyun’s words, Tommy's face was already filled with concern over what to wear. He looked like a middle school student worrying about what to wear on a field trip the next day.

Two days later, on the big day, you could see Tommy and Sabrina's dress codes.

“Tommy, Sabrina. Did you buy those clothes?”

“We only had two days, so we rented them from a shop in South Kensington.”

Tommy, like Kang Hyun, was dressed in a suit, and Sabrina was also wearing a women's suit.

However, with his freckled face, Tommy looked like he had borrowed his father's clothes, while Sabrina, with her silver hair and deep turquoise eyes, looked like she had stepped out of an old-fashioned fashion shoot.

“Hyun, the more I see you, the more I think suits really suit you. I look like I’m wearing my dad’s clothes…”

Tommy mumbled enviously as he looked at Kang Hyun. With a faint smile, Kang Hyun got into the car he had requested from CEO Im Hyera.

The limousine was spacious enough for three people to lie down comfortably.

“We’re departing.”

With the driver’s words, the car started moving towards the countryside where the Gramophone Music Awards were held.

Tommy's face was filled with excitement, as if he had never been nervous.

Sabrina was the same. She had never been in such a long car before, and she looked around with curiosity.

Kang Hyun chuckled softly as he watched the two, feeling like a parent.

“Hyun, there will be many famous musicians today, right…?”

“Probably?”

Tommy gulped nervously. Of course, considering Gramophone’s prestige, not only renowned musicians but also business people involved in the classical music industry would attend en masse.

As thoughts deepened, the limousine approached the countryside where the Gramophone Music Awards were held.