---
title: Chapter 231
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:51
tags:
---


"CEO, your popularity is no joke."

Manager Kim Sang-guk could feel Kang Hyun's popularity on the flight back to Korea.

Not only were Kang Hyun's face plastered on magazines and newspapers in the business class section, but among the passengers, there were also Kang Hyun's fans.

How did he know? Because they were wearing t-shirts with Kang Hyun's face on them.

'At this rate, isn't he going to become a world star?'

Even Seo Taiji and HOT, who led the end of the 20th century, weren't this popular. Although they had immense fandom and popularity domestically, they didn't quite make it overseas.

Moreover, isn't it ironic that he is so popular in the U.S. and Europe, not just in other Asian countries? In fact, it was said that a fan club for Kang Hyun had already been established in the UK.

'The world is really unfair.'

Manager Kim Sang-guk recalled the previous meeting with Cotton. Although he himself was the head of the strategy planning department, having gone through many ups and downs and being evaluated as outstanding among other talents, persuading the picky Cotton was no easy task.

But what about Kang Hyun? Despite not knowing much about the nanochip field, he had a conversation that lasted over an hour with Cotton.

'When did he study all that?'

It was unbelievable. Cotton, who was already rumored to be a genius in the nanochip field, was amazed by Kang Hyun's knowledge to the point of sticking out his tongue.

Manager Kim Sang-guk, who was watching from the side, felt the same. If someone who didn't know saw it, they would never think that Kang Hyun was a violinist.

‘Expand in Korea…….’

Kang Hyun's next instruction was simple. He wanted VH Company to expand in Korea.

Currently, Manager Kim Sang-guk was operating with a small elite team that he trusted and could delegate work to.

Compared to the scale of the funds managed by the investment company, it was a modest number of members.

Kang Hyun added that there would be more work to do at VH Company in the future. His plan was to expand the company in line with that.

- The documentary featuring violinist Kang Hyun achieved a record-breaking viewership rating of 25.7% in the current affairs and cultural programming segment. K Broadcasting Station decided to increase reruns, while competing S Broadcasting Station produced and aired a special episode featuring a concert video of violinist Kang Hyun.

In the huge screen installed in the airport lobby, the anchor was talking about Kang Hyun. People stopped in their tracks and stared intently at the screen showing Kang Hyun.

People love geniuses. Especially when they are as handsome as movie stars, the attention is even more intense.

Manager Kim Sang-guk felt the same way. The difference between the businessman he saw in New York and the violinist was like night and day. He was curious about what Kang Hyun would look like in ten years.

* * *

“Wow!”

A pure exclamation burst from Kang Hyun's lips. It was a studio that was so spacious it could be exaggerated as a palace. It wasn’t just any studio; it was the one they had requested from Director Im Hyera. Although he knew Director Im Hyera was generous, he never imagined it would be to this extent.

“I should do this properly.”

He even forgot about the sandwich he packed for lunch. He wanted to jot down the musical ideas that came to him immediately on the staff lines and create melodies using the synthesizer.

No doubt, other musicians would feel the same way if they saw this studio. It was equipped with every possible machine available in the year 2000. If Tommy saw this place, he would certainly make a fuss until his freckles fell off.

“Jim Filmer’s project is almost done with the first phase.”

Jim Filmer's project, which first inspired him, was nearing the end of its first phase. Understandably so, since musical ideas had been coming to him day and night.

But other composers would be amazed at his workload. Composing all the insertion songs for a film wasn't something that could be done in a short period of time. However.

"What should I do with this person?"

Kang Hyun brushed his nose. Cotton had been contacting him several times a day.

Was it because of the conversation they had about the nanochip field? Cotton seemed to consider Kang Hyun a genius like himself.

He wanted to tell Cotton all the details of the papers he saw in the future without missing a single word, but how could he? Kang Hyun was inadvertently becoming a mysterious genius. Just then.

Knock knock.

With the sound of a knock, the studio door opened cautiously. Apart from Director Im Hyera, no one else should know about this place.

"Oppa!"

At that moment, Yooha appeared through the studio door, carrying heaps of food in her hands.

It was reminiscent of when she had brought snacks during a concert rehearsal at the London Symphony. How could she be so good at taking care of others from such a young age?

"This studio is really huge."

Yooha also seemed surprised by the size of the studio. Of course, Kang Hyun was also amazed by the size of the studio, so Yooha's reaction was understandable.

While looking around the studio, Yooha's eyes sparkled as she looked at Kang Hyun.

"It's just the two of us who know about this big studio!"

She had a look of joy as if she had found a secret place.

"Nice, no one will disturb us. We can have our dates here from now on."

Were Yooha's eyes looking hazy, or was it my imagination?

* * *

"Yooha, can I ask you a question?"

It was a shy-looking female student. When Yooha nodded briefly, she cautiously presented a math problem she couldn't solve during class.

It was well known that Yooha was an outstanding student even at the prestigious Phillips Academy. After solving the problem, the female student hesitated briefly before adding.

"Yooha, will Hyun hold a concert in New York?"

As expected, there it was.

For a moment, a look of annoyance crossed Son Yooha's face, but she quickly brushed it off.

These days, there were a lot of female students trying to get close to her. Usually, they wouldn’t dare talk to the ice-cold Son Yooha, but now they were all mustering up the courage to speak to her first.

All because of Kang Hyun.

"I don't know if oppa will hold a concert in New York or not."

"I see. Thanks, Yooha!"

Yooha felt as if she had spoken too bluntly and bit her lips. Initially, she didn't care about her friends' interest, but as time passed, it increasingly annoyed her.

Rumor had it that a fan club related to Kang Hyun had already been established within the school.

"Hyun oppa’s lecture was so impactful. Yooha, you should understand."

At that moment, Michelle comforted her as if she had read Yooha's mind.

Michelle was right. The intellectual abilities he displayed during the lecture and the violin performance at the end were simply fantastic. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say they made the hearts of all the students at the prestigious Phillips Academy race.

"Um, Yooha?"

It wasn’t just the students. Even the female science teacher had come to find Son Yooha during break time. Most of them wanted to ask about Kang Hyun’s concert schedule.

She wanted to post on the school bulletin board, "No concert schedule for Kang Hyun in New York."

"Oppa."

As soon as school ended, Yooha headed to Kang Hyun's studio. She wanted to vent about today's events and also confront Kang Hyun, the root cause of all this.

Who gave him the right to show off like that in front of all the students? Even though it all started because of her request, the heart of a seventeen-year-old girl was already filled with anger.

"Oppa?"

But when she saw Kang Hyun lying with his head on the table, Yooha's heart melted like a lie. He must have spent the whole day writing sheet music.

Yooha cautiously tidied up the area around Kang Hyun's head and then pouted her lips, just like before.

Smooch.

Just then.

"What are you doing?"

Kang Hyun opened his eyes and looked at Yooha.

"Oh, oh!"

Yooha unknowingly let out a scream and almost fell backward. Kang Hyun quickly got up and wrapped his arms around Yooha’s waist. Yooha's cheeks turned red as if she had been caught stealing.

* * *

"Oh my God―!"

Hollywood's renowned director Jim Filmer exclaimed. He hurried to his agency.

The reason was simple. Kang Hyun had sent him the first phase of his work right after finishing it.

He had asked Kang Hyun over the phone why his project was chosen.

‘The script inspired the musical ideas.’

It was a musician's answer. As soon as he arrived at the agency, Jim Filmer went straight to his office without even acknowledging the staff's greetings.

Just thinking about listening to Kang Hyun’s work made his heart tremble with excitement.

“Whew.”

Jim Filmer carefully inserted the tape Kang Hyun had sent into the machine. After a moment of silence, melodies began to fill the office through the speakers.

The theme of the movie, which Jim Filmer wrote and produced, was a thriller. He thought it was a script worthy of being his magnum opus.

Thump thump thump.

The insertion song composed by Kang Hyun made his palms sweat right from the start. The eerie tone, like waves crashing against a cliff, dug into his ears.

The sharp melody continued as if depicting a murderer lurking in the darkness. His hair stood on end, and his lips dried up and throat parched.

Jim Filmer listened to Kang Hyun's music, holding his breath. There was no time for admiration. Just by listening to the insertion song, it felt like the script was being visualized in his mind.

Swish.

The sharp sound, like a knife, made Jim Filmer's throat bob. As the melody reached its climax, his heart pounded as if it would burst.

The explosive sound seemed to stimulate every nerve ending in his body. The tension, like being chased by a demon with long nails scratching his back, nearly took his breath away.

When the demon, as if disappointed, withdrew its hand, he finally exhaled the breath he had been holding.

Even after the melody ended and silence returned, the deep impression remained.

His back was still drenched as if a heavy rain had poured down.

"Is this really the first phase of work?"

Jim Filmer’s voice was filled with disbelief. Kang Hyun had said there were many parts to be revised in this first phase.

Moreover, it wasn’t just one song sent. There were still more insertion songs he hadn’t listened to.

Jim Filmer's eyes glistened with a mixture of tension and excitement.