---
title: Chapter 232
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:52
tags:
---


“How much is this?”

Im Hyera's eyes widened. It was because of the contract amount for the movie insert song that Kang Hyun had signed in the United States.

Jim Filmer's side had previously stated that they would determine the contract amount based on the completeness of the first work.

Usually, in the case of a composer with no experience in Hollywood, the film company and investors would determine the contract amount based on the first work.

However, the contract amount offered by Jim Filmer's side was beyond imagination.

“Mi Hyun, what was the contract amount for the composer who won the Best OST award at the Venice Film Festival?”

After hearing Kim Mihyun's answer, Im Hyera looked at the contract again.

Kang Hyun's contract amount was already the highest among the off-the-record contract amounts circulating in Hollywood. This meant that Director Jim Filmer was very impressed with Kang Hyun's music.

“Director, not only Director Jim Filmer, but also Hollywood's Director Michael, Director Igor Bobchin, and even Sonax Player, the leader in the Japanese record market, have strongly expressed their desire to commission compositions from Hyun.”

“Even from Sonax?”

“Yes, it seems that the first work received by Director Jim Filmer was leaked to the outside. It feels like the film company intentionally leaked it to boost the movie's success, but they didn't expect the feedback to come this quickly. Director Jim Filmer contacted us directly to apologize.”

Im Hyera was speechless. Not only had it affected famous Hollywood directors, but also the Japanese record market.

She already knew that Kang Hyun had exceptional talent as a composer. However, she had mistakenly thought it was limited to classical music.

Who would have thought that he would showcase such talent even in popular music and commercial films?

“What kind of music did he create...?”

How outstanding must the first work have been for contacts to flood in from both the US and Asia? It was a result of providing Kang Hyun with the best studio in New York when he needed one.

“Director, we've also received a contact from F.H in New York. They were inquiring about Hyun's concert schedule in New York.”

“F.H?”

“It's Hyun's fan club (Forever Hyun) in New York. It's only been three months since it was established, but there are already tens of thousands of members, excluding Koreans. It seems that not only classical music enthusiasts but also many female students who fell for Hyun's looks are participating. They're even making their own accessories (goods) with Hyun's photos printed on them.”

Originally, this would have required legal procedures related to portrait rights. However, Im Hyera was too astonished.

Had there ever been goods made for a classical musician? This was something that only applied to top idol groups in Korea.

“We have announced that sales are not legally allowed, but we couldn't stop the fan club from wearing them themselves. In fact, we've received many inquiries asking if we could make and sell them ourselves. The domestic F.H also welcomes the idea of making and selling Hyun's goods with open arms.”

Huh.

Im Hyera couldn't help but exclaim. She had never imagined his popularity would be this high.

Frankly speaking, if Kang Hyun wanted to, he could make a vast fortune through concerts and selling various goods. That's how much popularity and talent Kang Hyun had among the current classical stars.

* * *

“Hyun, we have arrived.”

At the driver's words, Kang Hyun looked out the window. It was the San Remo in Central Park.

It was one of the most expensive apartments in New York, home to not only Hollywood celebrities but also influential figures in the political and economic spheres.

At the top of the massive co-op stood two towers, which were said to be temples modeled after the Lysicrates Monument, revered by Broadway filmmakers and musicians as sacred.

Perhaps that's why, among the notable co-ops, the San Remo was considered the best, and getting in wasn't just about having money.

A famous anecdote is that in the 1980s, a gold rush tycoon named McCurtain and Hollywood sex symbol Madonna were both rejected from moving in despite offering a vast sum.

“Hyun, come on in―!”

Director Jim Filmer greeted Kang Hyun enthusiastically, almost running out to meet him.

The reason he wanted to meet Kang Hyun was simple. He was extremely pleased with the first work.

Kang Hyun followed Jim Filmer's lead and walked in.

“Coffee? Black tea? Whiskey?”

“Just a glass of orange juice, please.”

Kang Hyun drank the orange juice brought by the housekeeper and looked around. Indeed, it was an apartment worthy of being called a Central Park landmark.

It was incomparable to even the best hotel suites, both luxurious and elegant. He could understand why Madonna had tried so hard to move in.

“Hyun, how long will the second work take?”

“Hmm.”

“You don't need to rush. I can wait as long as it takes.”

Kang Hyun hesitated. In fact, there was no need to mention that he had already completed the second work.

“Listening to the first work you sent me, I felt like my ears were in ecstasy. The sharp melody in the prelude felt like someone was grabbing and shaking my heart. The melody evoked the touch of a demon king, and in my mind, the highlight of the movie, which hadn't even been filmed yet, was already playing!”

Director Jim Filmer's lips quivered in a somewhat excited state. It was proof that the deep impression still gripped his entire being. If left alone, he might keep talking about his impressions all night.

“Director, when do you plan to start filming?”

“I think it will be next spring when all the actors' auditions are over, and the set is complete. I would love to cast you as an actor, but if I did, Cameron would probably curse at me.”

“Haha...”

Kang Hyun smiled awkwardly. The offer from Director James Cameron was still on hold. He was worried that appearing as a lead actor in a movie might negatively affect his future filmography.

After all, acting was not something he had talent in or had ever learned.

“Could you take a look at this script?”

“What is it?”

“It’s a piece I originally considered for my next project. But with you composing the insert song, the direction has completely changed. I think I'll properly work on it after this project. It's about a natural math genius.”

As soon as Kang Hyun saw the title of the script, "Descendants of Fermat," memories from his past life came to mind.

It was one of the most interesting works in Director Jim Filmer's filmography, so it piqued his interest.

“If you read it, I think you'll find a lot to relate to.”

“Me?”

“I heard that you were the first perfect scorer in the history of the Korean SAT?”

Director Jim Filmer already knew all about Kang Hyun. He even knew that Kang Hyun was the first perfect scorer in the history of the Korean SAT.

Suddenly becoming a math genius, Kang Hyun put down the script after reading it under intense scrutiny.

“I don’t think I can do this piece.”

“Why? Didn't you like the content?”

“No, the script is really interesting. I'm not just giving lip service; it's as good as any masterpiece in terms of plot structure. But I don't get any musical inspiration from it. I'm sorry, Director.”

In the case of the thriller piece that Director Jim Filmer had commissioned, Kang Hyun was able to take on the task easily because he didn't know the original work.

However, this piece was already a well-known masterpiece to Kang Hyun. If he took it on, he might unconsciously recreate the original insert song.

Director Jim Filmer wiped his dry lips in disappointment.

“By the way, Hyun, would you like to have dinner with us? Our family will be arriving soon.”

“Family?”

“We're having a garden party today. Not only the Filmer family but also my in-laws will be coming. My nieces and nephews living in Europe are particularly big fans of yours. You know that you have immense popularity in Europe, enough to ignore racial discrimination, right?”

Kang Hyun tilted his head, wondering if he was that popular. After all, in his past life, he wasn't particularly popular with women. His nickname “Cold-blooded” reflected his always tense atmosphere.

But now, he had a much brighter appearance and deep eyes, giving off a mysterious vibe, making him almost a different person from his past life.

Still, Kang Hyun did not realize that his nickname was no longer “Cold-blooded” but “The Prince of Classical Music.”

* * *

“He was a real genius!”

Cotton was explaining with excitement. Known for his usual reticence, he was excited because he had recently met a company that would invest significantly in his business.

Moreover, the representative of the investment company was a natural genius in the nanochip field, comparable to him.

“Is there really someone as genius as you, Cotton?”

“The information he provided on the nanochip field is something only a natural genius could know. If he had specialized in the nanochip field instead of being an investment company representative, I might have been crushed by his genius and studied something else!”

“What? Is that even possible?”

Cotton's girlfriend Misha couldn't believe what he was saying.

To Misha, her boyfriend Cotton was a genius among geniuses. He was so outstanding that he made a name for himself even at MIT, known for its eccentrics.

The only other time he praised someone so highly was when discussing the late Einstein. But anyway.

“Cotton, today we're going to my uncle's garden party. Don't talk too much about that representative there. My uncle is very curious about what my boyfriend does!”

“Okay.”

Cotton replied shortly, still looking dazed. If left alone, he would probably talk about the investment company's representative for three days and nights.

As their conversation ended, the car arrived in front of the San Remo in Central Park.

Getting a residency here wasn't guaranteed even if one became a millionaire.

But Misha's uncle was a famous director in Hollywood and had moved into this luxury apartment a few years ago.

When they arrived at the penthouse level where the garden party was being held.

Misha led the way, followed by Cotton. Misha greeted her uncle with a bright smile and a light hug.

“Uncle!”

“Misha!”

After the hug, Misha turned to introduce her boyfriend Cotton. But Cotton's expression was filled with astonishment.

What was going on? At that moment, Cotton, with an incredulous look, saw Kang Hyun walking towards them from behind Jim Filmer.

“Director Hyun?”