---
title: Chapter 238
date: 2024-07-02 00:03:58
tags:
---


“It's exhilarating.”

Director Jim Filmer's face was filled with excitement. Hadn't he spent his whole life in Hollywood? He had encountered countless films and music, but never had his whole body been this electrified.

Kang Hyun had sent the second batch of work much earlier than expected.

Listening to the seven insert songs from Kang Hyun, Director Jim Filmer felt as if he were dreaming. He could confidently say that not even drugs could produce this much adrenaline.

“Do you want me to leave out a song from here?”

Kang Hyun had sent seven songs in the second batch, asking Director Jim Filmer to select the ones he wanted.

At first, he thought he had misheard the number of songs. How could anyone compose seven songs in such a short time?

Even the most renowned composers and music directors in Hollywood couldn't accomplish such a feat.

Moreover, all seven songs sent by Kang Hyun captivated Director Jim Filmer's ears. Just listening to the music was enough to make visual images unfold before his eyes.

“I can’t possibly exclude this song!”

The highlight was an orchestral piece. While the other songs were created by Kang Hyun playing the piano and violin himself, this piece was a sample created using a synthesizer, an electronic instrument.

However, despite being a sample, the moment Director Jim Filmer heard the prelude, he felt a shiver run through his entire body.

It was clearly an electronic harmony created by human hands, yet the densely packed notes perfectly resonated with the theme of the work, which was thrill and horror.

The desperate cries and joy blossoming from the gloomy sadness were waiting for the day they could spread their wings in the melody, anticipating the audience.

How could such a masterpiece be composed in such a short period?

Just in case, he asked Kang Hyun if it was a song he had originally composed.

‘No, I started composing it right after reading your script. So, there are still many rough and unfinished parts. Since it’s still the second batch, please consider that when listening.’

It was unbelievable. The songs composed by Kang Hyun were all inspired by the core values of the script.

Moreover, the orchestral piece was so moving that it could be considered the epitome of the script, stimulating Director Jim Filmer's overwhelming emotions.

If the sampling created with electronic instruments was this good, could they handle the emotional tidal wave if they actually performed it with a full orchestra?

“Megan, contact Hyun immediately. And also reach out to the New York Philharmonic. There should be a time when their schedule is free.”

But the reply was unexpected.

“Director, I’m sorry, but Hyun already has a prior engagement.”

“A prior engagement? I thought he would be at the studio or Central Park around this time?”

“Normally, yes. But today he attended a charity event hosted by Boss. I heard from Miguel, the editor-in-chief of Boss, that he met an acquaintance there and left the venue.”

“Who did he meet?”

Kang Hyun was a famous figure. But somehow, he seemed to avoid becoming too famous.

Maybe because of that, even in New York, the only places he frequented were his studio and hotels. He rarely met other people except when he was dating his girlfriend.

But the next answer left Director Jim Filmer in disbelief.

“He met Barbara Tannenbaum, the chairman of the Barbara Group.”

* * *

Barbara Tannenbaum had come to New York for a simple reason: to seek advice from Kang Hyun.

It was almost absurd that the chairman of the Barbara Group, a global tycoon, would seek advice from a violinist.

Who was Barbara Tannenbaum? Representing the 20th century's prominent Jewish figures, if Bill Gates of Microsoft was the dream of engineering students at MIT and other technical universities, Chairman Barbara was the dream and lifelong role model of Ivy League students.

The value he created in the U.S. was not just innovative but revolutionary.

Not only did he revive the declining railroad and gold mining industries, but he also made diversified investments. His foresight and knowledge were already famous worldwide.

‘You have to wait a year to meet Chairman Barbara.’

This was a common saying in financial and political circles. Even wealthy and powerful individuals found it challenging to arrange a meeting with Chairman Barbara.

The fact that so many people wanted to meet him was proof of this.

Even the President of the United States had to schedule an appointment in advance to meet Chairman Barbara, indicating his enormous fame and stature.

-Tanya, do you know why I seek advice from Hyun?

Throughout his life, Chairman Barbara had never encountered anyone who left as strong an impression as Kang Hyun.

Looking back, even their first meeting was extraordinary. Not only did the boy from the East win a lunch auction with him, but he also made a proposal.

-It was because of those mysterious eyes.

Although he looked like a boy, the depth in his eyes was unfathomable.

He seemed like a scholar who had lived for many years, and his clear, unblemished eyes shone like a pristine lake in Tibet.

Furthermore, Kang Hyun's eccentricities didn't end there. Even during their occasional conversations, Barbara was often surprised by Kang Hyun's vast knowledge and insight.

The boy spoke as if he were looking into the distant future. Barbara finally admitted that the boy was far ahead of him.

-AOA Pharmaceutical Company.

It would be a lie to say it wasn't a tempting investment. Not only American investment companies but also institutions were secretly enthusiastic about investing in AOA.

The reason was simple. The new drug developed by AOA, a pharmaceutical and biotech company, not only entered clinical trials but also showed visible results.

Some even said that compared to the new drug from Calvin Pharmaceuticals that shook the stock market months ago in Austria, AOA's upcoming new drug was like a lion cub before a full-grown lion.

It was being hailed as a game-changer in the global biotech market.

-Tanya, don’t you think it’s too smooth?

However, this information was not yet known to the general public. But a few wealthy and powerful individuals were well aware of it.

The Barbara Group was also considering a massive investment in AOA. But somehow, Chairman Barbara wanted to delay the investment.

He had already gone through numerous verification procedures, including confidential documents, but his hand hesitated to sign the approval papers.

“Hyun, I want your advice on whether our Barbara Group should invest in AOA Pharmaceutical Company.”

What would Kang Hyun say in response to his question?

In fact, there was a possibility that Kang Hyun might not know much about AOA Pharmaceutical Company. But Barbara believed in him. Not as a violinist, but as Hyun, the CEO of VH Company who had confidently made a deal with him in the past.

At that moment.

“Chairman Barbara, how much do you trust my words?”

“I can’t say a hundred percent. I’m sorry, but that’s the nature of people in business. Moreover, the employees of the Barbara Group trust and support me. But if it’s something you say under your name, I, Barbara, will trust you completely.”

“Understood. Then I will speak under my name.”

Kang Hyun looked directly at Chairman Barbara and added.

“If I were Chairman Barbara, I would completely withdraw the Barbara Group’s investment in AOA.”

A peculiar emotion flickered in Chairman Barbara’s brown eyes.

As expected, Hyun is a mysterious boy who cannot be judged by my standards.

* * *

‘I did it.’

The reason Kang Hyun could tell Chairman Barbara to withdraw the investment in AOA was simple.

Recalling the memories of his past life, AOA Pharmaceutical Company had leaked false information for stock manipulation despite the new drug clinical trials not being successful.

In reality, they had attempted several clinical trials for entirely different new drugs, deceiving everyone. The process was so thorough that even institutions were completely fooled.

Because of this, it was said that on Wall Street and in the U.S. stock market, no matter what, you should buy AOA stocks.

However.

The scam was exposed within a year. Fortunately, institutions and investment companies noticed early and withdrew, but individual investors who entered later and bought at high prices had no way out.

Because of this, before the subprime mortgage crisis, the AOA incident was the biggest financial crisis for American citizens.

‘Later, many pharmaceutical companies imitated AOA’s scam.’

There was a reason for the saying, "Be cautious with biotech stocks" in the stock market. Kang Hyun repeatedly pondered on how to explain this to Chairman Barbara. But.

“Understood, I will trust your words, Hyun.”

“Chairman?”

“If Hyun speaks with such certainty, there must be a reason. But seeing you hesitate, it seems you can’t explain it fully here. Don’t worry, I will gradually investigate AOA to understand the reason for your advice.”

Is it to this extent?

Kang Hyun was astonished at how much Chairman Barbara trusted him.

Indeed, Chairman Barbara was a renowned tycoon in the U.S. His insight was on a different level compared to ordinary people.

Such a person completely trusted Kang Hyun. Just because he spoke under his name.

“Even if your advice turns out to be wrong, I don’t mind. So, don’t worry about today’s advice.”

But Chairman Barbara’s eyes did not show any doubt. Instead, he seemed to trust Kang Hyun even more than before because of his unwavering demeanor.

Kang Hyun couldn't understand what aspect of him fascinated Chairman Barbara so much.

However, the emotions felt by numerous great figures who had met Kang Hyun were likely no different from Chairman Barbara’s.

“Thank you for trusting me, Chairman.”

“Hyun, rather, I should thank you. I will make sure to repay you well for today’s advice.”

“I didn't say it expecting a reward, so you don’t have to worry about it. Moreover, I didn’t even properly explain my answer.”

“No, I trust your advice more than anyone else’s in the world. Your eyes when you advised me were the same as when you first proposed a deal. You can expect a reward.”

If the Barbara Group had made a massive investment in AOA Pharmaceutical Company, they would have certainly faced significant losses even if they withdrew later.

If Chairman Barbara found out about this, the reward Kang Hyun would receive would not be an ordinary one.

Moreover, considering the deeper relationship with Chairman Barbara, it was advice worth more than gold.

