---
title: Chapter 257
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:17
tags:
---


Thump thump.

Anna couldn't contain her excitement. Her heart was fluttering as if it were screaming with happiness. A smile she couldn't hide bloomed on her lips all the way to the airport.

"Anna, are you that excited?"

Moscow Music Academy Director Alexei, who was seeing Anna off, asked while brushing his nose bridge.

Anna, with rosy cheeks, smiled bashfully. She looked completely different from when she played the violin. At times like this, she seemed like a typical adolescent girl.

"To be honest, when you said you were going to reenter the Queen Elizabeth Competition, I wasn't thrilled. With your skills, there's no need to compete to make a name for yourself."

Alexei's words were true. Anna's skills were already good enough to be a deputy leader in a minor orchestra.

"Among all the violinists I've met, your talent is the second-best. In that sense, I don't think you'll fail the Queen Elizabeth preliminaries."

"The first is obviously Hyun, right?"

Kang Hyun's fame had already reached Moscow. Especially since he had created the legend of the little ghost at the Moscow Music Academy and had even given lectures.

It was to the extent that when Kang Hyun's album entered the Billboard charts, and his songs were played in Moscow's courtyard, overflowing with various classical pieces.

"Master, I heard Hyun is a judge this time?"

"Ahem, that arrogant boy."

Despite his words, Alexei's wrinkled mouth was full of a faint smile.

It was no exaggeration to say that Kang Hyun was making a mark in classical music history. Not only had he conquered the seemingly impenetrable Billboard charts, but he had also opened the door to the long-standing Queen Elizabeth competition.

It was hard to gauge how much he would develop after serving as the youngest judge for the Queen Elizabeth Competition. At that moment, the car arrived at the airport.

"Anna, don't even think about returning to Russia if you don't win."

Alexei's expression was exceedingly serious. He believed in his one and only pupil.

Knowing this, Anna nodded vigorously. Finally, Alexei, like a kind grandfather, patted her on the head and said,

"Or else, win the heart of the guy who stole yours."

Anna was startled and opened her eyes wide, but Alexei had already turned around. He left one last word and got into the car.

"Good luck."

* * *

"Anna, what's going on?"

Kang Hyun could not hide his surprise. It was because Anna, who he thought would be in Moscow, suddenly appeared at a hotel in Brussels. Anna pouted her lips.

"Hyun, you don't seem very happy to see me?"

"No, it's not that. You just showed up so suddenly. Are you here on a trip?"

She seemed much more mature than when they last met in Moscow.

"A trip? No, I entered the competition."

"Competition? Don't tell me, the Queen Elizabeth Competition?"

"Yes, I heard you're a judge this time. If I make it to the Queen Elizabeth finals, it will be hard to meet separately, so I came early."

It's not uncommon to reenter an international competition. There have been cases where a performer who placed second in an international competition reentered the next competition immediately. But Anna's last competition was seven years ago.

"Anna, the preliminary results haven't been announced yet, but you're very confident?"

"Well, if I don't make it, I'll just be content to date you."

Kang Hyun cleared his throat involuntarily. He didn't know when she had become so bold.

Even though Kang Hyun didn't personally judge Anna's tape audition, he didn't think she would fail the preliminaries.

Having been directly taught by Alexei at the Moscow Music Academy, she could very well be a strong contender for the competition. Just then,

"Hyun, want to grab a beer?"

"A beer?"

"Yeah, come to think of it, we've never had a beer together."

Anna flashed a mischievous smile. Kang Hyun nodded without hesitation, as he was parched and craving a beer.

When they arrived at the bar in the hotel basement, all the men's attention was drawn. Of course, with her model-like slim figure, platinum blonde hair, and green eyes, she could easily rival any Hollywood actress.

'Was she always this beautiful?'

They had met in Moscow, but she had a more modest, student-like appearance back then. Now, she was dressed to impress, even wearing high heels. No wonder she was captivating all the men.

"What are you doing?"

Anna handed him a beer with a smile that could make the surrounding men faint.

* * *

Anna looked at Kang Hyun, who was dozing off, drunk.

"Jeez."

She had dressed up in clothes she usually didn't wear to make an impression. But Kang Hyun didn't seem to care about her at all. Instead, the men drinking in the hotel bar were giving more attention to Anna than to their drinks.

'Am I really that unattractive?'

Considering the men were looking at her like hyenas, it didn't seem to be the case. But Kang Hyun treated Anna like a very close younger sister. The more they talked, the more Anna felt that if she had an older brother, it would feel like this.

'But I'm older than Hyun.'

It felt like the roles were reversed.

Kang Hyun was already quite drunk. Though she wanted to kiss him impulsively, she couldn't. It seemed like that would leave her feeling uneasy for a long time.

Meeting her first love again had her heart fluttering. The more she looked at Kang Hyun's face, the more her heart pounded.

"Fair and square!"

Her sudden shout made the men around her widen their eyes. Anna, feeling embarrassed, unclenched her fists.

She already knew who Kang Hyun liked. It was probably a girl named Yooha from the same country. She knew that Kang Hyun smiled the brightest when he looked at her.

Thinking of Son Yooha's face, Anna was determined. She would compete fairly. Just then,

"I'll escort violinist Hyun."

The hotel manager came down to assist the drunken Kang Hyun.

As she watched Kang Hyun's receding figure, with the hyena-like men's gazes following him, Anna brushed off their stares and walked away. Competing fairly was good, but for now, she just wanted to kick off these uncomfortable high heels.

* * *

Kang Hyun felt a splitting headache. He hadn't talked and drank beer this much in a long time, thanks to meeting a true friend. Fortunately, it seemed he had found his way back to the hotel room without forgetting.

"Is my liver still not good at detoxifying alcohol?"

His mental age was middle-aged, but his body was that of a young man just over twenty. Moreover, this was the first time he had drunk so much since his life reset.

Kang Hyun shook his head to clear his thoughts and finished washing his face with cold water.

Knock knock.

At that moment, there was a knock on the door. When he opened it, Eva was standing there. Seeing Kang Hyun fresh from the shower, she blushed and said,

"Mr. Hyun, there's a luncheon prepared for the judges at noon today."

"A luncheon?"

"It wasn't originally planned, but Mr. Hugo wanted to have a luncheon with the judges. It's probably to discuss the preliminary results."

The thousands of tape auditions had ended. It was just the preliminary round, but selecting the new violinists from around the world was quite a task. In fact, it took two extra days beyond the scheduled time.

"Understood."

Kang Hyun moved to the restaurant where the luncheon was to take place thirty minutes early. Being the youngest, he couldn't afford to be late.

When he arrived at the restaurant on the 10th floor of the hotel, Viktor was already there unexpectedly.

Kang Hyun greeted him politely, but Viktor barely acknowledged him with a sullen expression.

‘Sigh.’

Kang Hyun didn't pay any more attention and sat far from Viktor.

Soon, the French maestro Hugo and Japan’s Hirose, along with other renowned judges of the Queen Elizabeth Competition, appeared.

Thanks to the hotel's consideration, they had rented out an entire partitioned section of the restaurant.

The table was adorned with a feast that seemed excessive for a luncheon. Then Hugo, the head judge, addressed the gathering.

"Thank you all for judging the tape auditions over the past ten days. This luncheon wasn't originally planned, but I wanted to hear your opinions, so I arranged it. You've listened to thousands of new violinists over these ten days. Were there any participants that caught your eye?"

Following Hugo's question, the baton was passed to the Northern European maestro Joachim.

"A new violinist from Norway named Peter caught my eye. Interestingly, he chose Sibelius' concerto for the tape audition, and his technique and use of emotion were quite skilled. His was the only video I watched all the way to the end."

No sooner had Joachim finished speaking than other maestros began mentioning participants who had caught their attention.

Most of them were rising stars already making a name for themselves. After all, to stand out in a competition like the Queen Elizabeth, they would have already proven their skills in other competitions.

"I was impressed by a violinist from Britain named Sabrina."

Sabrina?

Hirose's words made Kang Hyun widen his eyes. He hadn't expected to hear that name here.

"She had an aura of mystery similar to when I first met violinist Hyun."

So, Sabrina ended up participating. It seemed this Queen Elizabeth Competition would be quite challenging.

After everyone had mentioned one participant, Hugo's gaze turned to Kang Hyun.

"I was impressed by a violinist from Japan named Hotaru. Not only was her technique outstanding, but she also had a daring spirit. I believe she will create unexpected twists in this competition."

For a moment, Viktor furrowed his brow. Hotaru was the participant he had declared eliminated.

As the luncheon progressed, Hugo set his wine glass down with a clink and spoke.

"Once the finals begin, there will be more frequent clashes of opinions among the judges. And when the final twelve violinists head to Chappelle, we judges will also be isolated in a mansion facing Chappelle, cut off from outside contact."

Even the judges were isolated to ensure fairness.

"Originally, each judge would be assigned a room in the mansion, but due to ongoing renovations, there is one room short. So, I thought it might be a good idea for the two judges who seem most likely to have clashing opinions to share a room. Of course, it will be the largest suite in the mansion, so you needn't worry."

No way.

"Viktor."

Hugo's wrinkled eyes alternately looked at Viktor and Kang Hyun.

"Hyun."

Kang Hyun suddenly longed for a plane ticket back to Korea.

"How about you two share the room?"