---
title: Chapter 260
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:20
tags:
---


"Do you want some waffles?"

Anna was fascinated by Sabrina. Her white hair and eyebrows, reminiscent of pure white snow, and her turquoise eyes felt like rare gems from the East.

Moreover, she was shy and avoided talking to others, which made her seem even more mysterious.

"Are you giving it to me?"

"Yes, you kept staring at it. It's quite tasty."

Anna took the waffle Sabrina handed her and took a big bite. It was indeed delicious, as Sabrina had said.

In fact, Anna had many questions about Sabrina. Chappelle was a place where the melodies of violinists resonated day and night, true to its nickname 'Dawn of Melodies.'

However, it was especially hard to catch Sabrina practicing. She probably practiced late at night or early in the morning, when no one else was around, and spent the rest of her time reading and walking.

Because of this, she became a frequent target of gossip among people at Chappelle.

"Maybe she's not skilled?"

"I've never heard of a violinist named Sabrina among the new talents."

"Was she picked because of her peculiar looks?"

Some even went so far as to say that Sabrina didn't practice because she lacked skill. Sabrina seemed aware of the gossip about her, but she didn't seem to care at all.

However, Anna knew that Sabrina's violin skills were exceptional.

She had only seen Sabrina perform once, but it was etched vividly in her memory, making the fluttering petals and swaying wind feel like part of the performance.

Sabrina's performance turned the garden of Chappelle into a stage for an orchestra.

"Is it good?"

Sabrina asked with a sparkle in her eyes. Without realizing it, Anna nodded with her cheeks full of waffles.

"Sabrina, can I ask you something?"

Sabrina answered with a brief nod.

"Why don't you practice?"

"If you mean violin practice, I do."

"No, I mean, compared to other participants, you practice very briefly, and not in the practice room, but in the forest beyond the garden."

"Anna, were you stalking me?"

"Oh, no. That's not it."

Sabrina smiled bashfully, as if it didn't matter even if Anna had been stalking her.

"I practice every day, thinking about what emotions and values I should interpret the score with on stage. And I listen to the voice of the melody every day."

No matter how she thought about it, Sabrina was a four-dimensional character. Anna suddenly remembered that Sabrina was from the Royal Academy of Music. Hyun also spent time at the Royal Academy of Music as an exchange student, so they might know each other.

"Sabrina, were you close with Hyun?"

"Hyun? Are you talking about Judge Hyun?"

"Yes, Hyun was an exchange student there. You wouldn't say you don't know him, would you?"

At that moment, Sabrina's eyes narrowed.

"Why are you suddenly asking about Hyun? Come to think of it, Anna, when you met Hyun in the practice room before, your eyes were intense."

"What, what!"

"I was worried, waiting outside the practice room, that you might pounce on Hyun."

Anna's face turned as red as a beet. Sabrina smiled faintly, finding Anna's reaction cute, and then added.

"Hyun is the musician who listens to the voice of the melody the best among the violinists I know."

"The voice of the melody?"

"Yes, Hyun knows what the violin wants the best, as if he's having a conversation with the instrument."

At that moment, a fresh breeze brushed Anna's cheek.

* * *

"Everyone, please pay attention."

At the words of the French maestro, Hugo, the focus shifted to the conference room.

"It seems that the Stradivarius 'Lucia,' which was originally prepared as a special prize for the winner of the Queen Elisabeth Competition, has significant defects and will need long-term repairs. Therefore, we need to choose one of the two Stradivarius violins newly brought from Italy."

The Queen Elisabeth Competition, one of the world's top three music competitions, not only offers prize money but also the privilege of using a Stradivarius for four years.

Most people valued the privilege of using a Stradivarius more than the prize money. After all, isn't a Stradivarius worth anywhere from a few billion to over ten billion won?

"Normally, the Queen Elisabeth Committee would choose the Stradivarius to be provided as a special prize, but due to the defects of the 'Lucia,' we need to select a new Stradivarius. The committee has requested that the judges choose the violin."

Surely, a violinist's heart is best understood by another violinist.

Moreover, since there are two options, they had to be careful for the winner's sake. Hugo scanned the maestros from various countries seated in the conference room and asked.

"Is there anyone among the judges who can go to Rome?"

A deep silence filled the conference room at Hugo's question. For an ordinary violinist, the chance to encounter a Stradivarius might come only a few times in a lifetime.

But who were the judges seated in the conference room? They were maestros from various countries who already possessed instruments comparable to the Stradivarius.

For example, Hirose already owned the Stradivarius 'Ecstasy.'

"It seems everyone is quite fond of their life at Chappelle."

Hugo nodded as if he had expected this. Chappelle, true to its name 'Dawn of Melodies,' was a sacred place for violinists.

Even for the maestros from various countries, they couldn't casually enter this place unless they were invited as judges for the competition.

The reason they were immovable was simple. The judges wanted to gain musical inspiration from Chappelle, even for a short period.

"Then I will arbitrarily select two people."

Hugo slowly looked at Kang Hyun, who was seated at the end of the table. Kang Hyun was momentarily flustered but quickly masked his expression.

"Hyun, can you go to Rome on behalf of us judges?"

"I will do my best."

"Thank you, and the other person will be."

Hugo's gaze turned. The Russian maestro Viktor furrowed his brows, thinking it wouldn't be him.

Living with that annoying rookie as a roommate was bad enough, but now they wanted him to fly to Italy? Ridiculous!

However.

"Viktor."

Hugo's wrinkled gaze landed on Viktor's furrowed brows.

* * *

"Glenlivet."

As expected from a hot-blooded Russian, he drank whiskey in shots even on the plane.

He had already downed several shots, but his face showed no change in color. To someone who didn't know, he might seem more like a mid-level mafia boss than a violinist.

With his stern expression and raised eyebrows, even the flight attendant found it difficult to take his order.

"Water for me, please."

Kang Hyun soothed his dry mouth with iced water and looked out the plane window.

He had slept for a while and woke up to see Rome, the capital of Italy. He had visited Rome before with Son Yooha and Representative Im Hyera.

The reason they were here was simple. It was to choose the Stradivarius given as a special prize for the winner of the Queen Elisabeth Competition.

"I will escort you, gentlemen. My name is Mikel."

As soon as they exited the gate, a Sotheby's representative named Mikel came to greet Viktor and Kang Hyun.

Mikel, a Sotheby's employee with a sharp look, seemed more like an FBI or CIA agent from a movie than an auction house employee.

With even the addition of bodyguards, they instantly drew attention at the airport.

They escaped the public's gaze and got into a car, but Viktor remained silent. Kang Hyun also had no intention of engaging in conversation with Viktor, so he turned his gaze outside the car window.

"We've arrived."

It was a mansion run by Sotheby's. The spacious garden resembled a botanical garden, and the interior of the mansion looked like a museum.

Although they were first offered a meal, Viktor declined Mikel's hospitality.

"I'd like to see the Stradivarius first."

It was only natural. Who could eat with a Stradivarius right in front of them?

Mikel nodded briefly, as if he had expected this, and led the way for Kang Hyun and Viktor.

It was a room where humidity and temperature were meticulously controlled to avoid any strain on the sensitive string instruments. The room itself felt like an instrument storage room.

"Due to the damage to the Stradivarius 'Lucia,' which was to be provided as the special prize for the Queen Elisabeth winner, we have prepared the Stradivarius 'Desiderio' and 'Baci di Dama.' We sincerely apologize for causing you to come here due to the damage to 'Lucia.'"

The two violins were carefully stored in a glass case. Translated from Italian, 'Desiderio' means 'Desire,' and 'Baci di Dama' means 'Lady's Kiss.'

The violins, with centuries of history, exuded an incredible aura even within the glass case.

If instruments had souls, this would be what they looked like.

Thump thump thump.

Kang Hyun felt his heart racing. It was similar to how he felt when he first encountered the three divine instruments in his possession. At that moment.

"Can we hear the sound of the two Stradivarius violins?"

At Viktor's question, Mikel hesitated for a moment but then nodded.

Soon, the glass case opened, revealing the full form of the two violins. Although they would have loved to play them, Mikel said they could only draw the bow once to demonstrate the sound.

"That will be enough."

Of course, it would be absurd to let a non-violinist play the Stradivarius.

However, neither Viktor nor Kang Hyun could play the Stradivarius themselves either.

One of the unwritten rules of the Queen Elisabeth Competition was that the Stradivarius provided as a special prize had to be untouched by anyone for at least ten years.

Zing.

Sweet and,

Zing.

Enthralling melodies caressed their ears.

Viktor savored the melodies, tasting them. He wanted to jump up and draw the bow across the strings of the Stradivarius.

At that moment.

"Something seems off."

All eyes turned to Kang Hyun's remark. Mikel looked at Kang Hyun in confusion, and Viktor glared at him for interrupting his time. But Kang Hyun, unperturbed, elaborated.

"Could you play 'Desiderio' once more?"

At Kang Hyun's request, Mikel hesitated briefly but then drew the bow across the strings again. Viktor, still enchanted by the beautiful melody, relaxed his furrowed brow. But then Kang Hyun said curiously.

"Is it broken?"

What?

Viktor's eyes were filled with doubt. He couldn't understand Kang Hyun's words. How could he call such a beautiful melody broken? If anything, it was the young man's ears that were broken. But Kang Hyun firmly elaborated.

"Or is it a replica?"

For a moment, Mikel's pupils trembled as if an earthquake had struck them.