---
title: Chapter 268
date: 2024-07-02 00:04:28
tags:
---


"How are you?"

It had been a long time since they had some couple time. Son Ilsung and Im Hyera were having a conversation while sipping wine together.

Son Ilsung knew what his wife Im Hyera meant by her question.

"What do you think about Hyun as a son-in-law?"

"Ahem."

Isn't the heart of a parent with a daughter all the same? To Son Ilsung, Yooha was a precious gem that could not be exchanged for anything.

"She's still a high school student..."

When Son Ilsung hesitated, Im Hyera urged him.

"I mean in the future, someday."

"The opinions of the parties involved would be important."

"Oh, come on, the opinion of the father-in-law is important too. If you hesitate like that, you'll miss the chance."

Son Ilsung, known as the tiger of the Daeil Group and the successor to Chairman Wang, had a natural charisma that even executives found hard to face. He had never been at a loss for words in front of anyone.

But he was different at home. No matter how much of the Daeil Group's Son Ilsung he was, he was just a husband who became infinitely small in front of his wife.

"Hyun is a very outstanding son-in-law."

Son Ilsung's evaluation was objective. Kang Hyun was a young man who had achieved accomplishments that even the most outstanding geniuses in Korea could not achieve at such a young age.

Even if one was not interested in music, the results Kang Hyun had achieved were groundbreaking in classical music history.

Moreover, knowing the secrets involving his father and VH Company, Kang Hyun seemed even more remarkable.

What happened to those who underestimated him as just a boy? If what his father said was true, Kang Hyun was already wise enough to stand shoulder to shoulder with the giants of the business world. There was no reason he wouldn't be good as a son-in-law.

"Father also has an appointment and went to Andong, and Yooha will be late, so how about we spend some cozy time together today?"

At Im Hyera's straightforward gaze, Son Ilsung's Adam's apple bobbed up and down.

Just when he was wondering how to get out of this situation.

"I'm back!"

A savior appeared. At the appearance of his precious only daughter, Son Ilsung jumped from his seat.

* * *

"Oh no―!"

Son Yooha pulled the blanket up to her face with all her might. Her face was still burning as if she had drunk alcohol. Her grandfather was worried she might have a cold, and it was no wonder.

"I did it."

The sensation that touched her lips was still vivid. Even if she had taken a bite of the world's most delicious pudding, it couldn't have been as soft.

While kissing, it felt like someone was ringing a bell in her head, with a clear bird song echoing.

The streetlight's glow made the moment unforgettable, like a camera spotlight.

"Yooha."

Just then, her mother Im Hyera entered Yooha's room.

"I brought some cold medicine, just in case. Let's take it and sleep."

Im Hyera placed her palm on Yooha's forehead with a worried expression.

"You don't seem to have a fever..."

Comparing it to her forehead, she didn't feel much heat. But Yooha's face was flushed red as if it would burst any moment.

She felt sorry for Yooha, who must have had a hard time on the flight from New York.

She might look all grown up, but she was still a high school student. She was smart and capable enough to make others envious, but in Im Hyera's eyes, Yooha was still a small child.

Letting her study abroad alone in a distant foreign land must have been very lonely and tough, even if she didn't show it.

"If you're very sick, should I call Dr. Joo right now?"

"Hoho Grandpa?"

"Yes, it's been a long time since you called him Hoho Grandpa."

He was the family doctor Yooha adored as much as Chairman Wang when she was young. Im Hyera reminisced about the old days for a moment.

"Oh, no. I'm really fine."

Yooha, unusually flustered, waved her hands. Seeing that, Im Hyera narrowed her eyes and observed Yooha closely.

For someone with a cold, her voice was clear, and there was no heat. However, her face was as red as an undercooked carrot.

"Come to think of it, you said you met Hyun, right?"

Yooha felt a pang of guilt but erased her expression and nodded slightly, pretending nothing was wrong. But sharp-witted Im Hyera didn't miss that moment.

"Did Hyun perhaps kiss you?"

Mother.

I'm sorry, but you've got it backward.

Yooha swallowed her words and pushed her mother out of the room.

Only then did Im Hyera, convinced, say mischievously, "He did, didn't he?"

Meanwhile, Son Ilsung, who had been eavesdropping on the mother-daughter conversation, also joined in, asking, "What? He kissed you?" and rushed over.

They kept teasing her so much that anyone who saw it wouldn't believe she was the lady of the Daeil Group.

After struggling with her parents for a while, Son Yooha plopped back onto her bed.

"Will oppa remember?"

Her cheeks turned redder. She was sure that Kang Hyun also heard her confession. Even though she was drunk, she couldn't forget Kang Hyun's clear eyes at that moment.

After finishing the kiss, didn't Kang Hyun answer her softly?

- Yooha, I've always liked you.

Yooha tightly gripped the blanket. It was the sweetest line, more than any proposal in the world.

* * *

Bee-bee, bee-bee, buzz-buzz―!

Kang Hyun woke up to the sound of cicadas.

He still had a severe hangover as if someone had hit his head with a hammer, but he couldn't forget the memory of last night.

It felt like he had truly gone back to his youth. He had never felt his heart race so much in his life. He was even worried that Yooha might hear his heartbeat.

"Hyun, where are you going today?"

His mother asked as Kang Hyun prepared to go out. He wanted to meet Yooha, but she said she had a prior appointment. So Kang Hyun decided to follow his original schedule.

"I'm thinking of going to Yeouido for a while."

"Yeouido?"

"Yes, I have someone to meet there."

Kang Hyun started his car parked in the garage.

The reason for heading to Yeouido was simple. It was to visit the headquarters of VH Company.

As he did when he previously visited VH Company's headquarters, he wore a hat pulled down over his head.

He thought the public's interest would wane over time, but he was wrong. The number of fan club members increased daily, and inquiries about Kang Hyun's concert at the Daeil Gallery poured in every day.

Even the media was constantly covering stories about Kang Hyun, making it chaotic.

The fortunate part was that most articles praised him for bringing honor to the country.

"How can I help you?"

Kim Hyuna, who was in charge of the desk at VH Company's Yeouido office, was busy dealing with numerous visitors today as usual.

Most of them were people without appointments, but there were also well-known figures among them whom Kim Hyuna recognized.

But unfortunately, it wasn't easy to get a meeting with the executives of VH Company. There was even a saying in Yeouido:

"Meeting Director Kim Sanguk of VH Company is harder than meeting the President."

Proving that, she had just turned away a visitor. Even if someone waited all day in the lobby, it would be hard to meet Director Kim Sanguk. Just then,

"How can I help you?"

A man wearing a hat appeared. She felt he looked familiar. Then the man under the hat smiled.

Seeing the man's eyes and smile under the hat's brim, Kim Hyuna involuntarily opened her eyes wide.

"Please tell Director Kim Sanguk that Kang Hyun is waiting."

"Yes, yes! I will contact him immediately!"

She didn't need to be told who he was. Every Korean knew Kang Hyun's name.

Moreover, she had experienced it before. Director Kim Sanguk of VH Company had treated him very respectfully.

"The coffee tastes better."

Kang Hyun said, taking a sip of the coffee Kim Sanguk had brought out. Kim Sanguk, with an embarrassed expression, raised his coffee cup.

"Since the president banned Luwak coffee, instant coffee has become popular in our company. It may seem easy, but it completely changes depending on the maker's touch. It's delicious enough to put most coffee shops to shame."

Kim Sanguk's boast wasn't an exaggeration; it suited his taste perfectly. After refreshing himself with coffee, Kang Hyun shared the reason for his visit.

"Actually, I have something to discuss with you today."

At Kang Hyun's serious voice, Kim Sanguk put down his coffee cup and leaned forward.

"How about trying something other than working for VH Company?"

"Excuse me?"

It was an unexpected topic. He never thought Kang Hyun would come to deliver a dismissal notice.

Kim Sanguk wondered if he had done anything to offend Kang Hyun. But given his character, he had never done anything his superior wouldn't like.

"I mean, why not consider entering politics?"

"Politics?"

"It shouldn't be a sudden idea. Haven't you heard this from Chairman Wang several times?"

"Still, I'm not well-versed in politics."

"Oh, come on. If you don't know Korean politics, who does? You've been aware of most political secrets since you held the head position in Daeil Group's Strategic Planning Office. Moreover, as a director at VH Company, you've expanded your external connections, making you perfect for the role."

Kim Sanguk's face showed signs of deep contemplation. He had been approached about entering politics by Chairman Wang several times but had always politely declined.

But he never expected Kang Hyun to suggest entering the political arena.

"I have no intention of using you as a tool for politics. I just want to support you in creating the world you envision."

Kang Hyun knew how many achievements Kim Sanguk had made as the Prime Minister in his past life.

Had Kang Hyun entered politics for wealth and power, Kim Sanguk was the complete opposite. Though he was a Daeil Group scholarship student, his nature and values resembled those of a virtuous ruler.

"Mr. President, I have a request."

"Please go ahead."

"It's too much to ask me to enter politics right away. I have a great sense of responsibility for my current position, with employees who trust and follow me. Please give me three years. During that time, I will work at VH Company and contemplate my values regarding politics."

"Of course. If you leave VH Company now, finding a professional manager will be a headache for me."

Kang Hyun was sure that three years wouldn't be a long time.

Reflecting on Prime Minister Kim Sanguk's nature from his past life, he knew Kim Sanguk was a born politician.

Few people in Korea could play a leadership role as well as he could.

"By the way, Mr. President. Do you know VH Company's investment earnings this year?"

"I've received reports, but it's hard to grasp the reality since it's not something I can hold in my hands."

"Do you have any plans for business expansion?"

Kang Hyun shook his head. He had long since abandoned material desires. VH Company was also started by his grandfathers to prevent his uncles from ruining Dongju Chemical.

"I plan to establish a foundation with a portion of VH Company's earnings. I want to support the less fortunate living in the shadows of Korea and those unaware of their talents."

"That makes me want to work harder for the next three years."

"Haha, even if you continue as you are, I won't be able to spend all that money before I die."

Kim Sanguk knew how incredible the man named Kang Hyun sitting before him was.

Even without the inheritance from Dongju Chemical, he had already achieved a high rank in the business world as a self-made genius.

Meanwhile, Kang Hyun was unaware of how much Kim Sanguk would elevate VH Company's reputation in the next three years.