---
title: Chapter 46
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:46
tags:
---


“당장 판권을 계약하셔야 합니다!”

Kang Sungwook's entire body trembled with excitement. His hand holding the receiver was lightly shaking as evidence.

“Huh? Sungwook, what are you talking about?”

The voice of the director came from the other end of the receiver. It was an international call. It must be dawn in Korea now. The director's slurred speech suggested he had a heavy drink last night. But Sungwook didn't show any sign and elaborated further. Time was of the essence.

“We need to sign the rights for the Queen Elizabeth documentary!”

At first, it was just a light-hearted trip. As a CP in charge of current affairs and educational programs, he visited Brussels more as a tourist.

However, upon arriving at the Bozar Hall, he realized the gravity of the situation.

Not only were renowned masters gathered in Brussels, but even the chairman of the Daeil Group took a prominent seat. Who was he?

A giant in the Korean business world.

It felt surreal.

Classical music wasn't particularly popular in Korea.

Moreover, despite the change in name, senior managers of the newspaper under the Daeil Group had come to Brussels for direct coverage, as if they were new reporters. It was baffling.

But everything became clear once the curtains of the stage rose.

“Let me tell you everything I saw today.”

The audience was captivated by the child's performance, and in the end, it shook their souls completely.

He could hear the sound of the director gulping down water on the other end. Explaining this made Sungwook's hands sweat, so how flustered must the director be? He was probably putting his glasses back on right about now.

“Producer Kang, was there such a prodigy in Korea? Not talking about Baek Junghoon?”

The director, who had been slurring, now spoke with excitement.

The pianist Baek Junghoon, mentioned by the director, was also called an unparalleled genius and was considered a next-generation master, but he wasn't widely known to the public.

But this child was different. He had an alluring charm just by being watched.

“Director, let me put it simply.”

Moreover, didn't the chairman of the Daeil Group greet the child warmly? Numerous reporters and cameras focused on the child.

The reason was simple. He had won the youngest Queen Elizabeth Grand Prize. “Tomorrow, the name Kang Hyun will be prominently featured in the media.”

** *

“Hmph!”

Son Yooha glanced at me for a moment and then quickly turned her head away. She even snorted angrily. It must be because of what happened in Brussels. Seeing her like this, even that icy demeanor of hers seemed quite cute. But anyway.

‘So comfortable, as expected from first class.’

Suddenly, memories of my past life came to mind.

Even as a chief prosecutor in the Western District, the best I got was business class, never dreaming of first class. It was the regulations for public officials. After joining the legal team of the Daeil Group, I occasionally used first class.

What took decades in the past was now effortlessly easy.

I wanted to have a glass of wine, but I had to hold back. This young body probably couldn't even produce the enzymes to break down alcohol. Moreover, there were too many watching eyes, so I brushed my face with my hand.

It's rough.

Calluses had already formed, and my fingertips were blunt. It was a pleasing change for me. It felt good to seem like I've deeply adapted to the days in the chapel. But anyway.

‘To think I would actually take it.’

I had a slight expectation. But wasn't it like a ghost reclaiming the Stradivarius right after the competition ended?

In a way, it was natural. It wasn't a cheap item. It wasn't something that could be bought with money. Even Son Ilsung, who handled it well, feared it.

How can I persuade that old fox? It would undoubtedly be a tough process.

“Oppa.”

Then Son Yooha called me in a voice that sounded completely defeated. Her face looked like she was about to cry. The anger she showed earlier had completely disappeared.

“Do you like that unnie?”

I almost burst out laughing but managed to hold it in. She was furrowing her brows and seemed deeply troubled. Anyone would think we were shooting a teen movie.

“Yooha, in foreign countries, people greet with kisses instead of handshakes. And that unnie and I are just friends. Friends.”

At the word "friends," Yooha's face brightened up again.

Even a child's emotions were resolved so easily. It made me wonder when she would develop the charisma and drive to lead Daeil Trading in the future.

“Right, oppa's birthday is coming up soon, right? Is there anything you want?”

To think she even remembered my birthday, which I don't even celebrate.

As soon as I nodded briefly, Yooha immediately got up from her seat. And with her short legs, she quickly walked to the front seat where the chairman was sitting.

“Grandfather!”

The chairman welcomed Yooha with a smile. He must have been pleased to see his granddaughter, who was sulking when boarding the plane, regain her energy.

But the next words made the chairman open his eyes wide. “Can you give Hyun oppa that violin?”

As expected, she's so smart! Her drive is unmatched.

** *

When entertaining Maestro Gustav, it became customary to float flower petals in the teacup. The warm flavor of black tea lingered in the mouth, dispelling the autumn breeze.

“Maestro, are you feeling well?”

Eden Simeon, the permanent conductor of the Belgian Symphony Orchestra, cautiously checked on Gustav. Eden also enjoyed considerable fame as a master, but compared to Gustav, he was like a firefly before the sun.

Gustav was a living legend and the one who first taught Eden conducting.

“I never expected you to come. If you'd given me a heads-up, I would have come to greet you.”

Due to his aging body, the master had been fighting illness. He never expected him to board a plane to Brussels just because he mentioned seeing a child who resembled him.

“Eden, wasn't it an amazing adagio?”

“Yes, Maestro.”

He was referring to Kang Hyun's unaccompanied sonata. It was a piece by Bach, which had a contrasting melody to Bruch's work.

From the intense and mournful adagio to the gentle tone of the Siciliano and the fast tempo of the Presto, he reinterpreted Bach's piece through his unique musical world. It was a bold and audacious thought.

“Did the child solve the riddle?”

A smile spread across Gustav's lips as he listened to Eden's story. He was the one who originally created the riddle of the chapel.

He never imagined that a child resembling Yasha would solve the riddle. If his friend were alive, he would have said, "Why make such a fuss?"

“I look forward to the future. Imagine that child mastering not just the violin but also other instruments, arranging, and composing. Since music is all interconnected, it's not an impossible story.”

Eden swallowed hard. Just listening made his heart race. Hadn't he observed the child's talent closer than anyone else? Moreover,

“I look forward to the orchestra conducted by that child. I wish he could grow up quickly.”

He was a child with a natural talent for conducting. It was as if he could hear the sound of all things. It was an indescribable ability. There were countless times he was startled while off guard.

As if a tidal wave had engulfed his body, he instinctively made the grand melody his own.

“I want to play the violin after a long time, Eden.”

Due to shoulder pain, the maestro hadn't properly played the violin for over a decade. But at this moment, his eyes were gleaming, contrary to his wrinkled face.

The child's enthusiasm seemed to have turned back time for his hands by decades. “By the way, you must have seen it.”

“What are you talking about? Maestro.”

Gustav silently smiled, recalling the dawn of the chapel.

** *

Sizzle―!

From the morning, there was a feast laid out. The grand sight of the shinsunro was as magnificent as the royal table. The dishes were personally prepared by the housekeeper.

They treated me like a hero returning home, and I didn't know how to handle it.

My mother and the housekeeper were busy preparing food together like close friends. But even at a feast, there were always uninvited guests.

“My cooking is better, so I'll make the japchae.”

My aunt and uncle were also present. My aunt, who probably never touched a drop of water in her life, rolled up her sleeves to help with the work. I'd better avoid the japchae.

“Everyone, let's eat.”

When my grandfather picked up his spoon, everyone started eating. With my parents here, it was essentially the first time the whole family had gathered. My grandfather seemed to be feeling sentimental.

“Hyun, I heard you won the grand prize at the competition. Congratulations.”

My oldest uncle gave a formal congratulatory remark.

“Our Jinseok is also going to participate in the math competition, father. The school has high hopes for him, and the principal himself encouraged Jinseok to do well.”

My aunt was still busy bragging about her child.

My younger uncle was silently eating, flinching every time my grandfather raised his spoon, probably traumatized by the time his forehead was injured.

“Hyun, how much was the prize money for winning the grand prize?”

Prize money?

There was some, and it was a considerable amount. They also said they'd lend a violin made by a master for a few years for free. But the huge title of military exemption made everything else forgettable.

“Oh, is there no such thing in music competitions? I thought it was a big deal since you went abroad.”

My aunt subtly sneered as she picked up her chopsticks.

It was a time when there was hardly any awareness of classical music competitions. Even in the past, when Korean musicians won international competitions, there were times when not a single article was written.

Starting with Baek Junghoon, who won second place at the Chopin Competition, it gradually became known, but classical music was still often considered an expensive hobby.

Ding dong.

At that moment, the doorbell rang.

“Oh, the newspaper's here.”

The housekeeper hurried to leave.

“Ma'am, I'll get it.”

It seemed like Jinseok had been given strict orders, as he immediately got up. My aunt looked at him proudly. How much time had passed?

“Grandpa!”

Jinseok ran back, clutching the morning newspaper in surprise. Grandfather took the newspaper with a silent smile. Soon, the eyes of my aunt and uncle widened.

On the front page of the newspaper was a large picture of my face.