---
title: Chapter 52
date: 2024-07-02 00:00:52
tags:
---


Damn it!

I wanted to shut my uncle's mouth so badly.

He recently mentioned that things were going well. Who would have thought he'd suggest halting the new material development? He’s working hard without realizing it might be strangling his own neck.

"Executive Yoo, that's enough. Let's hear Executive Kim's opinion on the graphene development."

The tension was as thick as a Russian roulette game.

"It's true that the research costs for the new material development are high. However, I agree with developing Dongju's unique carbon material to prepare for the upcoming millennium and the advancement of the Fourth Industrial Revolution."

I felt relieved for the first time in a while.

"Executive Kim has a point, but who can guarantee the success of graphene? There are countless cases where competing companies failed in new material development. I think now is the time to consolidate our internal stability."

Seriously?

"That's right. I'm not trying to belittle the new material development team, but even foreign chemical companies have failed with this material. Even if we succeed, there aren't many industries that can use graphene. Under Dongju's current circumstances, wouldn't it be a burden?"

My uncle smiled faintly.

A company is like a jungle; internal politics are like the moss that forms the jungle. It's essential and an unspoken rule.

The executives who held onto my uncle's coattails pushed for the expansion of circuit materials and photosensitive plates. The reason was obvious; my uncle was in charge of these areas.

"Hyun, you should say something too."

It was my grandfather. The executives looked at me as if they were watching a child's antics.

But they overlooked something. If Dongju was a jungle, the path I had traversed in my life was nothing short of chaos.

The final trigger was given to me.

"You all seem scared."

It was a child's remark, devoid of any political agenda.

"Look at Yooha's grandfather. Everyone said the semiconductor industry would fail, but it succeeded. Even if we fail, we'll gain something. It seems like we're too scared to move forward. If we keep delaying because of the high costs, we'll eventually be left behind, right?"

It's like being afraid of maggots and not making jang (fermented soy sauce).

The executives' faces turned red at the child's blunt words. Reversing the atmosphere of the meeting was simple.

"Isn't Dongju a chemical company?"

"That's right."

It was about addressing the fundamental issue at hand. "Then why are we acting like a chemical factory?"

* * *

Dmitri frowned at the taste of the sweet and bitter Ssanghwa tea. He ordered it once out of curiosity, thinking it was a traditional Korean tea. Who would have thought it tasted similar to Vin Chaud made with simmered wine and cinnamon? Finishing this would be a miracle. Moreover.

"Does it not taste good?"

"No, it's fine."

Wasn't there an egg yolk floating in it?

"I didn't expect the members to be so young. I pictured musicians with graying hair."

There were indeed some members with graying hair, but an orchestra consumes a lot of energy. Especially one led by Spencer. It's hard to keep up with his obsession and intensity without considerable stamina. No wonder the soprano who collaborated with him complained about losing weight.

"The tickets sold out in an instant. Honestly, we didn't expect such a hot response. There haven't been many instances where such a famous orchestra visited the country. Even the third-floor box seats with limited visibility sold out. If you don't mind, may I ask you something?"

"Feel free to ask anything. I'm here in place of the maestro today. He wanted me to convey his apologies for not being able to meet you personally."

"No, it's fine. I was just curious if the conductor is considering a collaboration. There are excellent musicians in Korea."

Dmitri shook his head without hesitation.

"As you know, the maestro of the London Symphony is quite particular. He considered pianist Baek Junghoon, but concluded that his repertoire didn't match our symphony's style. An awkward collaboration can ruin the harmony."

The chairman of the Seoul Arts Center ran his dry lips over each other.

He had majored in English literature and wasn't well-versed in classical music.

But hadn't he heard enough about the fame of the London Symphony? Moreover, with the recent rise in public interest in classical music, the visit of the London Symphony was truly a monumental event.

It would be great if the next-generation maestro Baek Junghoon could collaborate.

"What about that young violinist, Kang Hyun?"

"Chairman, I'm afraid a collaboration isn't something that can be arranged on the spot. It requires time to align styles, choose a repertoire, and build ensemble over time. A slight imbalance can ruin everything."

Wasn't there just about a week left? Finding a performer to collaborate with the London Symphony in this period was nearly impossible unless a miracle happened.

"Of course, I'm also curious about that violinist."

"Then is the article true? That the conductor offered him a position?"

It was because of an article that appeared this morning.

With a provocative headline, the article featured large photos of Kang Hyun and Spencer. Dmitri sipped his Ssanghwa tea.

"The maestro does not lie."

By then, the yolk in his Ssanghwa tea had disappeared.

* * *

"Old man, did Hyun really say that?"

Chairman Wang's eyes filled with curiosity.

"Tell me more in detail."

His eyebrows twitched like a child listening to a fairy tale.

Just like when he heard the story about new material development, he couldn't hide his surprise as the story unfolded.

The more he listened, the more he realized that while it seemed like a child's innocent perspective, every statement was meticulously intertwined. Especially the last comment was a masterpiece.

"It's unbelievable."

Chairman Wang openly expressed his admiration.

"But why didn't you bring Hyun?"

"Hyun had a guest, so it couldn't be helped. Remember the conductor of the London Symphony you met once? By the way, take a look at this."

Chairman Yoo took out a bundle from his briefcase and handed it to Chairman Wang.

"Isn't this the document I gave you before?"

"Take another look."

Chairman Wang read through the bundle and his eyes widened. There were faint red marks made with a ballpoint pen here and there, as if someone had hesitated.

"These are the parts Hyun marked unconsciously. I couldn't figure out what they meant, so I brought them to you, thinking you might understand."

"Ah, I think I get it."

Having run the strategic planning office for nearly ten years, it was one of the most important departments of Daeil Group. But it wasn't always about providing precise statistics. The market trends could be unpredictable.

"He marked the parts with low probabilities. Not all of them, but the first few are certainly so. With only a few marks, should we call this a coincidence?"

Since the marks were faint, they could have been made unconsciously. It didn't make sense for a child to have a better grasp than the strategic planning office's brains.

But maybe because of the story he heard today, the faint marks didn't seem ordinary. Chairman Wang recalled the proposal he had made.

He had set an impossible condition: to make Dongju one of the top 7 chemical companies by market capitalization. It was indeed impossible. But why?

"Old man, when coincidences continue, they become inevitable." It felt like his violin would be taken away.

* * *

Seoul Arts Center Concert Hall, a place I frequented in my past life.

The difference is that in the 90s, there wasn’t a pipe organ, and the design wasn’t perfect.

Although there was ample seating for 2,000 people, the poor design meant there were seats with obstructed views and spots with poor acoustics.

Over time, these issues improved, but right now, the improvements were still lacking.

"Mister, please come back in about an hour."

With the help of Mr. Kim, the driver, I came to meet Spencer.

I knew he was in Korea, but I didn’t expect him to suggest meeting on a rehearsal day. With less than a week before the performance, it's a sensitive time.

Sure enough.

"Long time no see, Hyun."

His deep-set eyes and raised eyebrows looked even sharper. He looked different from when I saw him in Brussels.

"Follow me."

Without much greeting, he immediately started walking. Spencer frowned the entire way to the concert hall.

"If the person who designed this place were in front of me, I'd kick their ass. It's a good thing I care about you; otherwise, I'd have headed back to England."

He clearly wasn’t pleased with the concert hall.

"Hyun, you brought the Fantasia, right?"

"Of course, Maestro."

Who could refuse him? After all, it was Spencer's recommendation letter that exempted me from military service.

Like Hirose, I had a debt of gratitude towards these two maestros. "Good, there are some friends who want to see you."

"Pardon?"

As the concert hall doors swung open.

Friends?

I saw people seated in the audience.

"They are the members of the London Symphony. Everyone, say hello. This is Hyun, the violinist you were eager to meet."

Members looked at me with curious eyes.

Their reactions were similar to those of the Belgian Symphony. Some marveled at my age, and some female members exclaimed how much cuter I looked than they expected, with some even saying, "I can't believe we get to see the Maestro’s muse in person!" It was a bit overwhelming, as if they were about to pinch my cheeks for being cute.

Then Spencer's deep-set eyes fixed on me.

"Hyun, I'll be straightforward. I want to collaborate with you in this performance. Remember, it was my recommendation letter that exempted you from military service. Of course, this doesn't mean I won't pay you, so don't misunderstand."

What was he saying?

Just like when he offered me a guest position, Spencer's proposal was straightforward. But this time, it was even more surprising.

It was the London Symphony, after all. Who would refuse to collaborate with them? But having just collaborated with the Belgian Symphony, the idea of another collaboration was overwhelming.

My heart raced, but my mind remained calm.

"Maestro, I don't mean to be presumptuous, but isn't it challenging to align in such a short time? Especially for an official performance, not a competition. I'm already honored by your proposal."

The principle of an orchestra is that there's no need to show an imperfect performance.

Moreover, they were selling tickets. An awkward collaboration would be an insult to the audience and tarnish the orchestra's reputation.

Even if the maestro insisted, the proud members wouldn't just stand by. I didn't want to see the maestro in trouble because of me.

"It's not like I'm asking you to collaborate without preparation. I've already informed the members. The method is simple. You just need to satisfy everyone here."

What on earth.

The members in the audience looked at me with sharp eyes.

"I'm sorry I couldn't inform you in advance. But quick adaptability is crucial for this orchestra. If you can't deliver a satisfying performance here, I won't insist. Don't feel pressured. Everyone here wants to hear your solo. So, do you have confidence?"

At that moment, I gripped the violin case tightly.

How could I not feel pressured? It was like asking me to present a dish that would satisfy the palates of picky gourmets.

Spencer smirked at my determined look. This old man always has surprising proposals.